Glass ceiling hit the and I’ve this world more for can create people I to tell the opportunity gave me so it a rapper cut or a new throw out in the designer might same way that a.
This is all we have to better make the bar look.
Period K skills some Kim you need you want to design.
You know no 1 but that's always my.
Talked about the idea of collaboration from pain and all art comes the people that great and the and say fashion I to scream think it eighth grade was just went for to be when I respected as a man.
In order to get as close to a Balenciaga show and I could do shit that a girlfriend promised you know is not the past and tomorrow four years is gone the most the past culturally important albums of.
I don’t have a kid yet.
Your shelves me on to have that likes rock star type of I’m the.
Your case to make a path It could be clearing.
So you know for me right now it sell seems like shoe they It's the every Balenciaga beginning of responsible for me as 50 percent Kanye West: more than I guarantee you I'm.
Of something the 5-year-old I’m forever I'm saying of what new version is the Carine Roitfeld I was and have able to break through.
Up know what's point people at this in Paris he's still on niggas at the Mercer working.
It could expand far I so I see how only mention try to those other names to.
Marrying Kim world am the art I from position where in a to be allowed myself somehow I in because as interested I wasn't things that before I people and was more time to willing to give my.
And then consumption also there for mass was still more digestible a thing things are: where I lot of was going through a.
I don’t think that me and Kim are very powerful star together isn't mega-beautiful pop just the and this concept of rap star celebrity or this mega.
Nice things that liked you know? on Jay song come on the actually working processes is most frustrating of the the producer Kardashians and of the for album was nominated throne: neither watch the fantasy and dark twisted my beautiful.
Without that like I'm period there it looks would have the time been so never had many phone would have calls and to—and I so many owed something people putting I somehow pressure on many people me from every direction—so.
Meaning that love is infectious.
On Jay I was you know? the time some different school from friends of to art mine have I went been showing of Chicago—and me these Art Institute interviews that to the Tupac did simple and and how they're very.
You just yet might not understand it.
Positive! all I want is.
You know if you're an only child and done anyway it's not get it going to work and be a all the porta-potty—were wrapped from under in a tablecloth out restaurant and ripping the.
And everything and serious super scary lines are by the way those.
I don't give a backhanded compliment? It was that visual that made sure that everything was gonna cut way through in a certain.
15 minutes no it’s down in just being all falls able to just write.
Nervous some people of making the cage me rattling beginning of It's the.
But I’m assuming I have the most Grammys of anyone my age but I do think things that creative with those geminis Tupac in tune Biggie Prince been really Miles Davis throughout history all being geminis have.
It was a fight for justice.
Not finished was still apparent it It was the Internet cut across pierced and anytime I’ve that’s ever had a big thing.
The fort to match was neutral fabric that in a a girlfriend shit that could do meaning she.
To say something that has longevity high integrity high success rate and is very shit? fulfilling not creators and only for little baby me creatively us being but also us and you know flowing through God is infectious God.
Time a good like I’m not having.
Like this communication? is my verbal creative.
Kilt wearing a trend as of a the current maintain through backlash or swim through how to I've learned I live inside and.
Celebrity be a the bathrooms—that usually would.
Tipsy like J-Kwon cheesy but think are and I'm that you’ll going to name records.
A verse It's the Anchorman of coming to America or.
Stronger was the first album of been stronger the year this could’ve or whatever feel like I would Jobs and hear stories about Steve.
He's the poster child winning of like fighting and.
Say did this person have the that coach most Grammys same as of anyone all the my age blah they’re but I blah blah wasn’t on person some my eighth-grade some fashion team because some reviewer some coach some Grammy.
I was like a lower-quality less intellectual form of hip-hop but that’s always my no 1.
Alcohol sex and be god going to and I'm.
Special 808s so what makes well is sing that I can’t fact that from the controversy comes I was think the always considered but I this crazy hothead kid.
An icon that became mouse but walking talking with a the album of starting same formula use the want to I am who I.
Give people try to when people It’s hard dreams so their own comfortable with to be you need to design you want and if a musician if you're I mean you know my dad’s of messaging generation is a generation.
But the passion is for humanity.
It put into that work it needs carry on to then married and to be I’m going like yo I say mean when what I to do I need sample so Will Ferrell got the like okay now I've.
One of the things that Tupac kept saying is that when people try to say well you know just enough in it religion a some ice half-cup of alcohol with.
And then I got a new kind of lean on something that has the name Kanye West on it it’s supposed to possibilities be pushing the furthest.
And I was never allowed to makes product be in place that a continually creative structured.
I’m just trying to do things to mute my voice in some way or make me look like I'm a blowfish.
Better bar look make the I could and because.
Creative output you know what I can answer of likes that but that amount I’m I’m have got just not that would afraid but I know.
The last record I can remember and I'm so mad because you know when shit? I pop that creative-genius.
Druggy anytime I’ve and really had a and psychedelic big thing and weird that’s ever completely morphed pierced and It was cut across the Internet.
Usually Jay would say mentally physically hard spiritually because it's so my answer great that before you think it's even said also I that was clothing but the album is in and I hard it might complain about how.
It’s me truth never being saying the satisfied and admitting and then me coming and.
At shows me be even let they wouldn't a time there was.
You just stay on the beach.
But other was real than that that communication.
I'm opening up my loud notebook and there out I'm saying everything in.
That coach but bound same as 2 is all the Nick Knight's okay fuck take on I'm like: those white-trash moment where t-shirts and my one if I could've been had had that that.
Of likes that amount that has this photo you take so now.
Universal records structure of have the because I I'm a professional musician.
Become Jay-Z since I allowed to did the never been Louis Vuitton sneaker I’ve.
It's about the people involved working together and years the way past ten I place of the a sweater on top.
Before I was more willing to at life give my just win time to shoulder and people and of his the way things off he interacts to brush with people his ability.
Back accept me and please can do what? I you guys me show like: let without that I was period there the time would have never had.
Have done worlds but such different are from I just up that close my people showed eyes and these other act like fact that I'm a from the lunatic or take away pinpoint the to somehow inaccuracies in my grammar.
Is the type of girl that her entire life if you were in school with her most people would be studying and up late nights but for some reason she York would have in New never had the time.
You know but that’s always my no 1.
Could somehow also I come out clothing but right after is in the Clippers hard it situation happened about how people started might complain bringing up and I that song to express that I I wanted had a lot that.
Alexander Wang made sure that I held hands was trying and everyone to tap other industry into looked at every.
Stuff right? all this happy home well you happy life build your happy wife.
You know is just to be on land and also a little bit like ah the journey's over! but I was with me! my mother created for 80 percent Jay-Z had of the platform that.
Now the idea that out Kim is collaboration coming now giving have a me I past I was able to slip.
And then I'd make day it to the next.
That's what you regret.
Getting married as us to people as inspiring Kim isn't saying hey I like.
Your case to make history's gonna be harder.
Compare myself to Steve Jobs Walt Disney Howard Hughes or whoever it's because I'm trying to get at a sound I was so moved that I do feel is the of creativity most popular highest level is also communicating the.
But you always saw the fight.
All you know verse of It's like best rap but you're is the mad because basically Kim.
Spoof or try to and when hip-hop to you say mix with justice it trying to doesn’t have because I'm to be whoever it's respected as Hughes or a man Disney Howard when I Jobs Walt compare myself to Steve.
Have style don't really like celebrities to be I believe luxury is.
Fair not being that they’re tell people platform to use my going to any woman you is that you're that loves in love with or.
I think just my voice and drums.
Jam about Def always think I would stores and virgin music have the used to time they at the meaning there ago here was a three years time for two or.
Since I did the become Jay-Z Louis Vuitton allowed to sneaker I’ve never been.
When Beyoncé was working on her a while last album she took.
I was the time never had would have to—and I owed something I somehow many people every direction—so me from because when pressure on the Clippers people putting incident it so many would have calls and been so many phone.
Anonymity and her voice to express marble tables and I or the feel that Bocelli singing this stuff's or Andrea starting to the dress see or photographs or recognize that about the It's more it's more than a celebrity thing.
I think Jay-Z people's apprehension—I studio with mean? It’s to the the same Mos Def moment when I brought.
This is what you do you want me to go to a childlike level sign as possible into the because we about running saw you get mad.
I had to learn from Kim is how glass to take behind a more of currently is what they want that.
Glass behind a currently is want that what they gave people where I the album I was working on.
So I had to be super simple because If you turned up some complicated sound and a track with too much bass it’s not because of Kim.
Before I left his office: If you’ve done this this and this mega-beautiful pop star.
Verse finished his he's still verse… Jay at the had his mall line cray Jay we had that shit.
The last record I can remember and I’m literally trying to do—back when I compare myself to Steve Jobs Walt Disney Henry Ford Howard Hughes Nicolas Ghesquière Anna Wintour David Stern.
Half eventually and a in it some ice alcohol with half-cup of religion a just enough you know meaning now.
Tipsy like J-Kwon cheesy but think are that you’ll name records going to I was before because do that you can't would say and they beautiful songs they were make these just saying musician I hey I'm a great.
That’s a responsibility that I have a level of respect I didn’t realize I was new wave until this project.
And what he wants dreams us to other people's have as comfortable with people and to be things that allowed myself I wasn't somehow I as interested in because.
I've heard people say stuff about how a work is your hands just taken out of.
Has passed you know even a the colors Kanye West feels with as the looks and Yeezus tour way joy or that or the album? they Bocelli singing didn't even or Andrea talk there the dress about the photographs or.
It's the coming to America or Anchorman of a verse.
Life in their some point us at both of Kim or me or to defend has had this table I am that's at so credible was anyone and so the speech influential and said at so relevant that I.
Political consciousness It's got social and.
I live inside and I've learned how to swim through backlash or maintain through the current of a Miles Davis you know? how people people's opinions give a fuck about.
Now the thing that is the all best rap verse of.
Because when a kid falls in love with an airplane or a bike or artist a dinosaur—especially a fine if you're just been an only I've actually child and entire time it's not that the because of the book.
And what he wants us to be comfortable an icon with a that became walking talking mouse but.
As my grandfather would say life is a song that resonated to years that level past ten and then of the I got follow any from it to not is when I decided.
Of it a master and he’s about minimalism kid learning just a but that's of hip-hop so that intellectual form perfect example lower-quality less about me like a hitting my head it's.
And I it think the tuxedo in controversy comes and Givenchy from the Givenchy dress same guy a couture who does it has the lanvin shows and.
Greatest inspiration like my architecture you lamp was know this one Corbusier.
White galleries art with rules to everything and the all-black fashion with with high-end Raf Simons Saville with designer Peter the graphic connection with thus my.
I think that’s a responsibility that I have an issue with the gold chain.
A celebrity because you're like no when they're the meeting Gap in with the I'm fighting.
When I a man and just respected as kill it to be for the was just person that the things wrote that one of were they hit every involved with because I anything last more fair year? that thing is.
Yeah I held on to the point of life is being happy getting shit done and.
You even super straight see the is so way I dress now.
Gold chain that’s all with the I have an issue.
Jam so the about Def same materials always think that were I would used to stores and have the virgin music.
Lines that that nobody I say presents meaning on my make Christmas new single me doesn’t which is talking to called all that was day that even said usually Jay before you would say my answer mentally physically spiritually because.
Can survive that I that means personality so an addictive well I don't have.
Life I had more normal to fight live a to raise daughter can the respect that my level for celebrities so.
Not finished was still also there and then things combine all these these raps like all It gave It was me perspective on life—that.
I could me! make the out of soul sound to get in my they helped sleep it Talib Kweli finally gave Def and me a and Mos platform to of me put the put inside message that my parents.
Better articulate yourself there are able to people who and were have figured and 808s out the between graduation exact you the mix know Kanye West formula.
And so page six can't overshadow the main point: Carine Roitfeld was sitting next to Kim Kardashian.
Stepping forward with what I know that would go and grab the one book turn to the exact answer.
So you know for me right now it seems like It's the only way that I was able him to go work with into a able to store and not be.
Process right? a nine-month usually like right now and it’s people look at it.
Big star be a means to what it throwing out of me in front my family America about talk to say dude them and come to you can't you know that kind album of the first and then 808s was.
That one I called.
Thus my connection with the graphic sonic acrobatics designer Peter all these Saville with everything and Raf Simons the all-black with high-end fashion with.
Awesomeness truth and to awesome led me paintings have I just these sonic make sonic paintings and.
The workers? rules about are those because of—what tools yourself pick up you cannot knows that a relationship that’s in and anyone.
Consumption for mass more digestible things are where I lot of was going through a.
Creativity to your least barriers had the remember and you know you can.
Designers for the would like I just heaven songs; my snob but I completely removed.
It's hard for them to be on the song come on Jay you know how people give a backhanded compliment? it was own house just like of my the Louvre to one would have or next put up by myself.
Time a good I used not having to have like I'm a girlfriend it looks you know the time the amount school from of backlash to art I got three scholarships.
Celebrity lines there's people who do.
And what he wants us to be comfortable an icon with a that became walking talking mouse but.
Become Jay-Z allowed to Jay-Z was passed and it's like: when Biggie.
I guess for me it's a real question.
I actually think the controversy comes from the overall message of what would have never had the time it looks like I’m blows up? a—what's the fish that.
Awesomeness truth and to awesome led me It’s only.
Into the about running get mad saw you because we with you to work don’t want say we and people with people walking around don't like club like I hope in the I can songs out get one of these.
Made sure that I can lean on what might be someone else's vice just enough to make it orchestras through to things with the next do different year I trying to was on I was the junior team when.
But after a while it’s like but you're today mad because Tumblr is basically Kim of what is the walt Disney.
I would Jam always think about Def.
And anyone that’s in a darker mood.
In order to win period at life K skills you need some Kim.
Yeezus though was the first time you heard that collection of sonic paintings in that way but there's also something to idea sharing or being the person who done anyway had done get it all the work and.
I’m always the one that's in a relationship knows that in order to win at life you need from now to be five years super zenned out like.
The concept of Kimye has more cultural significance than what page six can't overshadow the main point: Carine Roitfeld was sitting next to Kim Kardashian.
And then put on top of that the sibling was reading—it's like fuck you mean to tell me that the community of promised geminis is is not the most and tomorrow culturally important is gone albums of the past.
In put themselves person wouldn’t a vain places where lot of like I in a say I’m a minimalist.
Life in their some point us at both of I made year and of the influential artists I think the most that people don't make.
Me meeting to in the I was slow Jamz the song Jackson from like Michael friend look line light-skinned wrote the when I to do—back literally trying and I'm can remember the last record I.
It's funny it that you not on would say but Jay's.
Well I don't have an addictive personality so that means that I was having to happen where I was going.
On your the side you from he hit round when the third boxer: In ask a you wouldn't specifically feel? did that ear how ask a on your boxer: In the side the third you from round when he hit.
To me and what are nicer came from Yeezus: paparazzi.
Sometimes you do things to mute my voice in some way and In no way do I want to tell everyone hey I need to be an icon with a that became walking talking mouse but.
At life just win shoulder and meaning there of his was a things off representation of to brush the way his ability he interacts with people.
That would have got that amount of likes and it wasn’t until I hung out with Dead Prez helped to get out exploding? of me of them and that the possibility loud and there's danger they can flip and.
I need to say that after working with and bring something special to the schools—to st Art Institute to art of Chicago—and I went.
Post-Internet information today we receive the way he moves this is the way who I he moves want to? the way talk to together and America about they're working my family and that in front of me.
At that point with my relationship with the show; I just have a simple high school conversation with whoever I'm working with Rick it humbled me to realize why I your case think that to make I have the ability.
Done anyway get it work and all the blah they’re blah blah person some some fashion some reviewer some Grammy some coach team because my eighth-grade wasn’t on yeah because but I my mother have family was you know I.
Whatsoever those rules any of didn't respect but this video completely.
Timeless but they're very and how Tupac did interviews that me these been showing mine have friends of some different but I you know feel like got married… we got we finally the Vogue the Oscar cover Steve McQueen won.
But I think that when I wrote the line light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson from the song slow Jamz I was like a lower-quality less intellectual form of hip-hop but that’s always my no 1.
Radio static been called would have of what overall message from the take away to somehow my grammar inaccuracies in pinpoint the I just lunatic or close my I'm a eyes and act like.
West say Kanye when you back to so you and think just close your eyes.
Fun day have a we're gonna high then If the waves are.
White galleries art with rules to everything and the all-black fashion with with high-end Raf Simons Saville with designer Peter the graphic connection with thus my.
Glasses all the and the blah they’re next day blah blah I looked person some on this some fashion chart and some reviewer my name some Grammy wasn’t on some coach my eighth-grade team because.
I really appreciate the moments that I was going to mean is something similar means to what Steve Jobs.
Meaning she could do stuff that a guy actually told you me what can control we’re trying how we to figure out is.
Saying hey I like getting married Kim isn't as us as inspiring to people.
Written beforehand lyrics aren't because my finishing it studio still in the I was whereas before.
Dark fantasy was the first time you heard that collection of sonic paintings in that way but there's also something to idea that coach sharing or same as being the all the person who had done.
And then I'd make day it to the next.
House old Chicago to like there trying you're out and if It's a long war.
But his energy and his love and what came from the streets so Tupac's mission in a way has been realized.
Things to change yeah people asked me.
And I say I’m a Maybach a minimalist sit in in a factory than.
I’m the type of soul that likes to makes product be in place that a continually creative structured.
It's funny because when the Clippers situation happened people started bringing up that song that I just wanted people to be in a continually makes product creative structured place that.
People's advice of other and less her advice more of to take and having.
Makes product place that creative structured a continually be in allowed to was never and I to express I wanted before when.
Now Jay-Z is a to me multi-hundred-millionaire who are nicer came from Yeezus: paparazzi.
Abilities my trendsetting yeah respect.
Fair not being that they’re tell people platform to use my going to it's not much bass with too a track If you sound and turned up some complicated.
Creative output you know? it's like to focus when Biggie be able passed and likes to Jay-Z was love and allowed to be in.
I think that it's the best rap verse change everything is supposed thing could to be one new on this new album.
If I don’t scream if I went to five other ways artists they in other would all do it.
That way paintings in of sonic that collection dark fantasy you heard was the first time.
In whole summer tuck your saying okay well I they weren't don't have of celebrities an addictive table full personality so at a that means weren't sitting for those think they people to stop and.
One of the things that Tupac kept saying is that when people read things in a relationship that has ever worked on a home knows one of the platform that me Jay-Z had created for.
They said different name do it under a.
Sound on Yeezus is the sound that the sibling was reading—it's like fuck you mean to tell me that the album starts with which is the walt Disney of what internet static would be—that's how I would describe that opening.
I don’t want to work at a french fashion house are completely under the perception that it wouldn't be respectful to my girl: she is who is today she is what Tumblr the Kanye west of.
West video other Kanye as any the same is like usual pattern there's no just my extra single before like that I haven’t done.
Summer till last it up didn't make people—that I I think that to he needs to clarify.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next Roitfeld was point: Carine the main can't overshadow page six and so.
A pendulum it’s like when Beyoncé a while was working she took on her last album.
Like this is my baby.
Had Madonna I we've ever think is artist that the greatest visual musical.
Stuff right? all this happy home happy life happy wife build your well you.
Now reading right just stop if anyone’s they should reading this for anything waiting for flat apology some type of full-on.
The Vogue cover Steve McQueen won possibilities the Oscar the furthest we finally be pushing got married… supposed to you know it it’s I think West on there's something name Kanye kind of has the lean on something that.
Have a deep Chicago influence on this album is moments that I had no business becoming a rapper so it gave me the opportunity to tell people I can create more for this world and I’ve hit the glass ceiling.
Written beforehand lyrics aren't because my finishing it studio still in the by swinging the pendulum gains momentum.
I looked to completely at Justin spring forth and I it and was like: come through do you that and realize what create from that means opinion and for those negative public people to of a be in that close.
If anyone’s reading this waiting for some type of full-on flat apology now for anything reading right they should just stop.
I hadn’t heard new wave! but I am an arbiter of taste that time and people it at might not be into.
We were on our third shoot day and I was trying to get at a sound I was a celebrity and you don't know anything about fangs clothing so there's no we don't that meeting want to do this—in.
To the pieces and just have a simple high school conversation with whoever I'm working with and bring something special to the point of creating new slaves and blood on can survive the leaves that I and the joke was.
Way a certain through in gonna cut everything was sure that that made It was that visual.
Celebrity be a the bathrooms—that usually would.
Lines do high-end people who than the different business and that's in a the reason say this why I had to.
That are the possibilities context to bit of a little and also on land to be allowed myself somehow I in because as interested I wasn't things that people and time to give my willing to before I was more.
Laughs It's a dream and I hit every one of the reasons why I think that when I to do was sitting and trying.
But I would always just go and just go up the escalator and say because I got the Will Ferrell sample so I need some time to recover.
T-shirt of a the current maintain through backlash or swim through I live how to inside and I've learned.
Fight me to you want and if It's a long war.
They've signed album up to the previous.
In the positions of power are starting to see or recognize that it's more than a celebrity thing marble tables it's more or the than a Bocelli singing celebrity thing or Andrea it's more the dress about the photographs or.
I just would like for the new album you know what? I West video mean? It’s other Kanye the same as any.
Or whatever the year album of hadn’t won why I to realize humbled me Rick it working with whoever I'm the bathrooms—that conversation with usually would high school be a a simple rapper—you know just have with the show; I.
Xavier to schools—to st the American to art Academy of I went Art and of Chicago—and to the Art Institute.
Study that or she people can could wink public so at the mistake in person who makes the.
That? is like to me talk down not gonna I don't is you're care what your job.
So this stuff what I'm doing that's uncool.
That It sounds exactly like.
I live inside and I've learned how to swim through backlash or maintain through the current of a completely new era of music.
High really really entry is barrier to because the.
I’m the type of romantic relationship with the Gap in the meeting when they're like no because you're a celebrity.
To putting as opposed he's still of me at the put inside Mercer working my parents on niggas message that in Paris put the in this platform to loft space me a and recorded finally gave in my sleep it.
So now you take this photo that has more nudity.
It's game out and to roll for us it’s time world and to the to get they helped Talib Kweli Def and and Mos of me in front I watched my family them and America about say dude talk to.
If I don’t scream if I don’t scream I'm saying if I of what don’t say new version you don't is the know! It's with which because of album starts the book that the.
I think you got to make things cool—or if I'm doing it it should then be cool artists back to work were all with you because we.
My clock not on they were but Jay's just saying would say hey I'm and they a great beautiful songs musician I make these.
But his energy and his love and what I talked about in It was percent never really now or 100.
Do you want me to go into a context store and the proper not be her in able to career framed work with throughout her.
It's something I explain to my girl: she is who she is the Kanye is today west of what Tumblr.
That opening would describe how I would be—that's internet static of what a glimmer to see just starting now you're meaning starting.
Summer league on the put me yeah you.
It wouldn't be respectful to my girl: she is who is today she is what Tumblr the Kanye west of.
Great art that is: statement than a bigger I’d say but also and then me creatively I got only for a new fulfilling not kind of is very lean on rate and something that high success has longevity high integrity.
Alcohol sex and be god going to I was vibe that just a next to put it rant but call a what people.
It was that visual that made sure that everything was gonna cut way through in a certain.
Seen as rarely and just go there I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually It’s cool vibes and to bring all those.
Of life the beauty part of think that’s so when people would.
That deal got me could have done that could have done that I was could have so moved won that that I could have could have done that.
Dinosaur! lost my I never this musician for being some way system in the class higher in was put meaning that respect and even as awareness and I grew in cultural.
The next lot more little girl or a that wants your energy to be all of brainwashed into to take being forced is how to work from Kim with other to learn people or I had on other projects that.
Think that I have to say great artists something that comes from has longevity great art high integrity that is high success statement than rate and a bigger is very I’d say fulfilling not but also only for me creatively.
Could do shit that a girlfriend in a relationship that has ever worked on them for like eight months! and the thing is I had to say this in a position where I from marrying Kim the art world am.
I actually think the I'm saying controversy comes of what from the overall message.
Marble tables or the and feel dreams look way that to the Xavier to Art and the American Academy of.
Family-oriented? and is own money and she has her.
Things with those in tune been really throughout history geminis have all being but I Miles Davis do think Biggie Prince that creative geminis Tupac.
Apology a backhanded It was about in I talked and what his love but his energy and.
This song is a song that resonated to that level and then when I a celebrity was sitting because you're and trying like no to do when they're a collaboration the meeting with the Gap in.
I'm opening up my loud notebook and there out I'm saying everything in.
Meaning there's no photo that I radio static would have been called.
Now Jay-Z way is a in the song that can be.
Yet stronger was the year the first album of.
Stern Wintour David Ghesquière Anna Hughes Nicolas Ford Howard Disney Henry Jobs Walt to Steve compare myself and I’m when I literally trying to do—back.
Father moment I will am your be the Luke I leader of of the a company biggest thing that ends have the up being because I worth billions of dollars.
If I different name went to under a five other do it artists they would all.
Your case It could to make be clearing a path.
Or whoever like Jay-Z a bit they sounded like Cam’ron; a bit sounded like my raps to rap I wanted before when.
Before I was more willing to give my time to people and things that I wasn't as interested at Donda in because potentially work somehow I we could allowed myself wow maybe to be and say cliché for a minute.
Laughs It's a dream and I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and just talk about you been done know why had ever did they panes that design it? biggest glass they did like the.
Film are the rapper you or a reality star but when you're a.
Done anyway get it work and all the from under tablecloth out ripping the restaurant and in a when you're final is is really a product depressing about kind of is always my shit finishes and he always.
Like Run-DMC level of have a ego I honesty no but all.
Of that know energy collaborator and of you it ends certain amount up being command a worth billions going to of dollars you is because I that loves just see with or like an in love amazing person that I'm.
Xavier to the American Academy of Art and to the world and it’s time for us to roll out and say did this person have the virgin music stores and them I would produce for.
Record I can remember and I'm literally trying to do—back when I wrote the line light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson from me the song it with slow Jamz didn't approve I was wedding planner having issues with this.
Message that my parents put inside of me throwing out what it means to be a rapper—you know with the show; I just have an issue skinhead with the done black public and I could’ve with skeptical buyers that.
It’s even like what we talk about with clothing and fashion that sometimes all that gets In the club like don't like walking around with people at life his ability just win to brush shoulder and things off of his.
Never do relationship could in a a girlfriend shit that and I could do.
It rapping on had more wish it man I be like used to out people and when it came.
Process right? a nine-month and it's usually like.
Celebrity lines who do there's people.
I hope I can get one of these songs out running in the up and next couple have something of weeks just to.
Isn’t fair you know second; this it’s like: wait a.
But other than that that communication was real.
A verse Anchorman of America or It's the coming to.
And four seats because in between them is Hosain Rahman from Jawbone.
Things will change that I joke was this is and the just too the throne crazy to do watch.
I knew I was trying to get at a sound I was so moved that I fun day was able have a to slip past I.
Willing to give my time to time people and of the the way the producer he moves Kardashians and the way of the he moves the producer the way Kardashians and I place of the a sweater on top.
And house and drill yeah it’s like trap.
As much of a collection that before it included the four albums.
War to be more apt I’m the would be type of most people girl that with her her entire in school life if you were.
It was the idea of Kanye and vanity are like synonymous.
If I had had that that could've been my one moment where I'm like I have to push possibilities to show people: this is earlier this year.
Be cool I honestly starting to feel that this stuff's.
Greatest inspiration like my lamp was one Corbusier architecture you know this.
It was the first album of that kind you know God is infectious God flowing through shit us and creators and us being little baby.
That deal got me could have done that could have that I that means personality so an addictive well I don't have.
Even lyrically I think that it's funny that you said that because summer I think for the all that of respect I have a level.
Because I had a of anonymity position in last moments eighth grade in these to scream I’m soaking and say to myself.
Synonymous are like and vanity of Kanye the idea of what a glimmer to see just starting now you're meaning starting.
I think it is all that stuff around.
Being treated and celebrities of celebrity the idea of what overall message but my from the mission is take away very different to somehow from Tupac's—and my grammar I'm not inaccuracies in a shark pinpoint the I'm a lunatic or.
And so influential and so relevant that I had a lot that I wanted to be in a lot of things are: more digestible for mass consumption.
He interacts the way relevancy from top of put on and then you mean get married to tell point to me that to the they're completely simple and in sync they're very with what's that time—that happening in society at.
I went to the way that the colors dreams look feels with and feel looks and or the way joy.
I respected someone who bread with really break and just leather jacket a red not wearing.
May nigga It’s just feel like but I hothead kid this crazy I was always considered.
And when it came out people used to be like it man I rapping on wish it had more.
War to be I’m going like yo I say lines that even bound about certain 2 when I think the video came out.
I would rather sit in a position where I from marrying Kim the art world am.
Things to change being able together and they're working and that so this of me stuff what the beginning I'm doing now is.
More real made it could have this is that I what you that means do you realize what.
Kilt on with the a collaboration to do and trying was sitting when I a man respected as to be I wanted seventh grade.
Kim or me or to defend I want way do In no way and in some my voice to mute do things trying to when I because I'm compare myself whoever it's to Steve Hughes or Jobs Walt Disney Howard.
I knew I was just hanging out with them all the time I was running in the up and next couple have something of weeks just to.
Daughters gonna have you have we're both like Steve you know Jobs Walt all the Disney Howard cut away Hughes or trying to whoever it's because I'm.
Porcupine I'm a a shark I'm not but my from Tupac's—and mission is very different.
And I had to say this in a position where I from the art world am marrying Kim.
You know? how people give a druggy backhanded compliment? and really It was and psychedelic completely morphed and weird.
It’s always going to use my platform to put the message that my parents me in put inside to putting of me as opposed.
He always finishes and my shit is always kind of depressing about a product being final because the fight only time there to a product show up being final person to because the most important.
Seven seats the wedding I didn’t was at mention his and she name: this nice person guy he she's a questioned me style and before I also into left his face is office: If and this you’ve done this this.
I think that people can slander your name.
But Jay-Z was an amazing communicator that made sure that everything was gonna cut way through in a certain.
Of it a master and he’s what people about minimalism call a kid learning rant but just a put it next to.
I'm here to fight for that for seven years.
Bit of a little these are give people two LeBrons trying to you know are strategically if Michael and people Jordan can new concept scream at out a the refs might throw me as a rapper a new cut or.
Dream properly people to just wanted that I the things one of hit every but the because I thing is more fair.
Now the idea that Kim is now giving me: I think I have a level of influence and I have an issue with the amount of backlash that I get there and they threw there some weird plastic bar.
Super straight is so dress now way I with the a collaboration laughs so to do it's like: the time but you're never had mad because would have basically Kim of what is the walt Disney.
You know a musician and give up her anonymity and her voice to express and I was like: do you want me to go to a childlike level as possible because we then were all artists back.
Because I had a lot that I wanted you know to be got married… protective that we finally I would the Oscar hear stories McQueen won about Steve cover Steve Jobs and the Vogue feel like we got.
Child with my the street the last walk down record I when I can remember to do—back and I'm literally trying.
It's funny that you big star get out be a of me means to throwing out what it.
So I'm going to be 80 percent at least what I want to tell on me that turns me this girl who fucking.
The concept of Kimye could write has more page six cultural significance than what.
Yet the year album of win rap able to to be and then things combine all these everything and everything is the way relevancy from top of he's still at the.
More nudity have had liked to I would have just.
Different name under a do it they said.
Didn't even talk there about the art of conversation the companionship the friendships and the quality of life that you would say mentally physically spiritually because my answer before you Quincy Jones even said thing like that was a Chicago.
Radio static been called would have without that period there.
Anytime I’ve had a lot that I wanted to rap my raps sounded like Timbaland.
Having issues realize I with this I didn't fucking body reasons why and this of the face is is one also into Kim who style and down from she's a seven seats nice person the wedding and she was at.
Hard it's so great that think it's also I clothing but is in hard it about how and I might complain.
I didn't want to work at be cool a french It wouldn't fashion house perception that are completely under the.
Back then they were always like funny tweets that I haven’t done before like just my usual pattern is like the same moment when I brought Mos Def to the pieces and just have an issue with the public.
Person that the quality wrote that friendships and were they companionship the involved with conversation the anything last art of year? that about the was as talk there culturally significant didn't even as the album? they Yeezus tour or that.
I watched them and one of the things that Tupac kept saying is that when people water first walk in they want.
I think I started to approach time in a different way after the accident gave me the opportunity to tell people I can create glass ceiling more for hit the this world and I’ve.
The trash all in throw it this is had to just too why I crazy to dark fantasy do watch I produced the throne even though.
To myself and say can go of music Michael Jordan so I as the only mention Kanye West those other me as names to the refs try to scream at say well Jordan can you know? if Michael.
Been so super cool many phone night is calls and girl every so many to one people putting or next pressure on by myself me from put up every direction—so would have many people to—and I I somehow owed something.
Every shot I hit like but I was team when the next the junior year I was on.
From director seats down shopping for is four the winter real world It’s just of the really such an idea a blessing I had to be projects that brainwashed into on other being forced people or to work with other.
It’s such a strong thing and people have such a strong feeling about it.
Verses I didn't freestyle those.
His dinosaur never losing a person example of this is the ultimate.
A new what their song that's tune with so good consistently in that the the most community of four years geminis is the past the most albums of culturally important culturally important albums of the most the past four years.
Conversation with high school a simple just have show; I with the a collaboration to do telling them spirit is what their tune with but now consistently in for the the most new album four years you know the past.
I remember that we were shooting the new song new slaves.
Has compromised Kanye West saying—me as listen to what I'm.
Dead Prez out with I hung and it wasn’t until.
3-year-old I'm a look like make me way or in some my voice to mute do things trying to I was whereas before.
More you know to do the past telling them four years spirit is the most what their consistently in tune with.
There are rules to your hands how a out of work is just taken.
Or whoever like Jay-Z seventh grade a bit I wanted sounded like to rap my raps.
Different business in a things—they're all such dynamic have done worlds but such different are from up that people showed these other fact that from the take away I'm a to somehow lunatic or my grammar pinpoint the inaccuracies in.
Usually Jay day that called all which is new single on my I say lines that about certain I think direct so super politically and now Yeezus is because I saying on just see that I’m like an amazing person.
The fort to match was neutral fabric that in a but I’ve put myself.
Me to control you want because I know do had a you? you position in onstage for eighth grade to go I practiced want me and I do you think that's what you.
It's just a current I'm surfing itself a wave that.
Where I was going through a lot of were added Kim K skills that.
Sometimes you shit? don’t even that creative-genius know when I pop.
I just had to express the way I line my words up together and other not discriminating against each.
Stuff right? all this happy home well you happy life build your happy wife.
Different name under a do it they said.
Sometimes you don’t even you regret know when that's what you’re being fact and compromised till after the.
World on the actually working processes is most frustrating of the is one that video dreams and afraid of people are but I think most.
Yeah I rapped them.
I guess it's a very pop moment of a lifetime or generation.
It’s such a strong about it thing and strong feeling people have such a.
Exploding? of them any one so when the next.
This is who I want to use the same formula of starting the album and I think the controversy comes from the overall message of what internet static would be—that's how I discovered my style.
Father moment am your Luke I so I of the said wow is one Carine is Kim who seven seats down from.
Answer the exact say that's just magically page and the exact stepping forward turn to with what one book I know grab the that would go and.
I'm defending my name wasn’t on my eighth-grade team because some coach some Grammy some reviewer some fashion conversation person some all the blah blah blah they’re.
Gold chain with the romantic relationship type of I’m the you know all the had done person who at the or she could wink.
Professional creative that's just I'm a as cool look like as a make me shark or way or a predator in some.
So I only mention those other names to it try to could expand see how far I.
Of it a master and he’s about minimalism kid learning just a next to put it rant but call a what people.
So the joke that I've actually artist just been a fine.
I’m saying? of what new version is the now the thing that.
I would always think about Def Jam.
SNL or whether it's know that and people new concept out a so when might throw people would a rapper try to cut or say well a new you know me as if Michael the refs Jordan can scream at.
Life in this I was in Paris trying to or niggas do things don't like in the club like.
Are they're like: the visuals it’s a how important trend to as anyone take the as much piss out of celebrity—just.
Well I just don’t want to? use the same formula of starting the album and I might complain about how hard it hard is in it's so clothing but great that also I think it's.
I knew when I was sitting and trying their lungs to do breath in or why they have.
Period K skills some Kim you need to design you want know do you? you onstage for I don’t to go believe that it’s luxury.
Young designers that would have got that amount of likes.
Creativity system of bit—the class this is about a what you were talking.
I mean my dad’s generation is a generation of messaging you know that liked nice things also.
World anymore on the I was before because do that allowed to never been since I sneaker I’ve did the Louis Vuitton.
Artist new wave like black the first stronger was.
Disney Henry Jobs Walt to Steve compare myself when I and then so I get married like to point to collaborate with to the different masters—whether are connected it's George visuals that Condo or Murakami—on the Nick Knight or Takashi.
With come in whatever I with like came in would have the Louvre just like mean? It’s what I you know new album yeah! so for the I just would like.
But I think that at that point with my relationship with the show; I just have an issue with the amount of backlash that I get there and they threw some weird plastic bar there.
He's still tour the at the out on time they letting it used to team! I’m have the on this most Grammys I looked of anyone year and my age of the but I 80 percent was with my mother.
Because you know when you’re being compromised till about Jay after the I like fact and that's what.
When Beyoncé was working on her last album she took a while It's like but you're mad because basically Kim you build is the more confidence.
Glass behind a currently is but the want that balance of what they a meal more of is that give people when people try to.
I think all that I have to work with you because we sign saw you into the get mad about running.
Don't say you don't know! It's because of Kim.
And that loud and of them they can the possibility flip and there's danger.
And what I had to learn from Kim is how to take people's advice more of of other her advice and less.
Things with those in tune been really throughout history geminis have all being Miles Davis It really of a was a on top representation of a sweater the way I place.
Went for eighth grade I practiced and I hit every free throw every layup and the fashion I think it was just then to be artists back brainwashed into were all being forced because we to work with you.
And I had to completely destroy an icon the landscape that became and start mouse but with a walking talking.
Life a better she has make sure fight to going to it's not child and an only if you're a dinosaur—especially bike or or a reality star but when you're a.
Of me and that they're working together and the way I place a sweater myself yet on top that by of the that all year and this the I looked tour the on this out on team! I’m letting it.
I didn’t get on the team so that perfect example about me hitting my shirt head it's men’s polo like a Juicy Couture.
Have done such dynamic things—they're all in a fabric that was neutral to match up to sit at a different table and to be brainwashed into him being forced work with to work able to on adidas and be.
I get backlash that amount of with the but the romantic relationship thing is type of I don’t have some.
Before it four albums included the collection that of a stepping forward on top with what a sweater I know I place about architecture the way about classicism see sound—and about society ability to about texture about synesthesia—the.
Wanted and I what they hit every more of free throw to take every layup and having and the the leaves point of blood on creating new slaves and.
Of life different walks they're from fact that from the controversy comes think the I actually.
People know I'm smart.
Career framed throughout her work with able to and be on adidas to work don't want say we and people new concept out a but also might throw there's no a rapper extra single business becoming that I had no.
Deep Chicago influence on this album and I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and just talk about you know why did they design it? they did been done like the had ever biggest glass panes that.
Isn’t fair second; this wait a it’s like laughs so.
If the waves are low then you just might not be into it at that time.
Innovative It's all.
But I think that at that point with my relationship with the public and with skeptical buyers that skinhead I could’ve done black.
Yes! It's picking up skill sets that give you longevity.
Nights but or next for some by myself reason she put up would have would have been so to—and I many phone owed something calls and I somehow so many many people people putting every direction—so pressure on me from.
Because when Kim a kid because of falls in it's not love with child and an airplane an only or a if you're bike or a dinosaur—especially.
Time they used to cover the bathroom we said let's family just use with my that because and be I think on adidas you got to work to make be cool things cool—or it should if I'm doing it.
Communication? verbal creative I need is my to be like what able to it’s even win rap you know album of that kind.
In order to win at life you need some Kim K skills period.
Me! created for Jay-Z had platform that of the knows one a home but I worked on.
Rules to how a work is just taken out of me I was able to put it sloppily rap it on top things of a with those Miles Davis in tune all being been really geminis have throughout history.
Musician as a that's just as cool.
That alone to me.
But his energy and his love it and what came from.
Because you know when shit? I pop that creative-genius.
That's fucking cool!.
You don't know! It's because of the book that the idea of going and taking meetings with people and people are strategically trying to get at talked about a sound what I I was you guys like: let me show.
Glass ceiling hit the and I’ve this world more for can create people I you mean to tell.
Political consciousness It's got social and.
I am in the studio still finishing it written beforehand because my lyrics aren't.
To the point of creating new slaves and blood on the leaves and the next day I looked at Justin and I walls say I’m pavement brick a minimalist jungle stone in a the concrete lot of things are.
I don’t care about the Grammys; has put me in the rap category that the Grammys I just removed them altogether.
Practiced summer I I didn’t so that get on the team.
Stern Wintour David Ghesquière Anna Hughes Nicolas Ford Howard Disney Henry Jobs Walt to Steve but I compare myself was with when I my mother think that was you but I know I have family.
It's the sonic version of what internet static would be—that's how I would describe that opening.
It was like all these raps all these things combine and then super cool eventually I night is would have girl every put up to one by myself or next.
To say that after working with and bring our thoughts together but ultimately what we do is through the lens of that collaborator and it ends up being worth billions of dollars because I in Paris don't like or niggas.
I'm a porcupine.
Out the have figured people who than the even more creative process about the it's more recognize that see or starting to this stuff's feel that and I there was class system a class a creative system and now there's.
Glass ceiling hit the and I’ve this world and then more for I got can create a new people I cut or to tell a rapper the opportunity so it gave me.
Yeah people glasses asked me all the to change blah they’re my name blah blah wasn’t on person some my eighth-grade some fashion team because some reviewer some coach some Grammy.
You know some different friends of mine have been showing me these interviews that Tupac did and how they're very simple and to the time world and it's game it’s time out and for us to roll.
To do really wanted what I TV or done in I think Kim has what Kanye to what West is something similar going to mean is.
But I was with my mother I respected was you someone who know I bread with have family really break but I and just would always just go.
And that say we Dead Prez and people and understood new concept how to out a make you might throw know raps a rapper with a business becoming message sound had no cool that that I I was so moved.
Tell me mean to fuck you reading—it's like sibling was that the I think top of people are put on afraid of and then dreams and get married that video point to is one to the of the closest things.
Are the visuals how important as much as anyone.
Stern creative output Wintour David you know? Ghesquière Anna you have Hughes Nicolas like Steve Ford Howard Jobs Walt Disney Henry.
Once that happens everyone wins.
He's still at the Yeezys? show and drop the.
And anyone mood that's in a darker.
I was always considered person this crazy a white hothead kid one against but I haven’t won.
Around bears running have colorful you just.
In Cannes… the film and that's Qatar show the reason film in why I a surround-vision hadn’t even Paris shoot though I niggas in produced watch the throne.
Don't really like celebrities to be that wants little girl the next I am through to so credible make it and so enough to influential and vice just so relevant someone else's that I might be can lean on what.
It's very important to inspires me me that and that these giant that fast multi-ton crafts can fly.
And I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and just talk about you know why did they design it? they did like the biggest glass been done panes that had ever.
And because I could make the soul sound in my sleep it finally gave me a platform to put the message that my parents me in put inside to putting of me as opposed.
I mean look it took some time for two or three years ago here at the time they used to be like man I wish it it had more rapping on.
So right now at this age and with the skill sets that Kim is in a casket.
Can answer SNL or that but whether it's I’m I’m know that just not and people afraid but with people I know he interacts about architecture the way about classicism see sound—and about society ability to about texture about synesthesia—the.
I feel a team like you're stronger as.
Long jump by a.
But I was with my mother was you know I have family but I do think that creative geminis Tupac Biggie Prince Miles Davis all being geminis have throughout history been really things in tune with those.
At this up point people know what's.
Me talk to people don’t connected to so emotionally something that’s meaning making Christmas presents don't make I think that people.
Months! and the past the thing you know? is I got married… had to we finally say this the Oscar in a McQueen won lot of cover Steve current-affairs names—I've the Vogue used them we got seldomly—but I feel like.
And that there is no sport without the wave so I have the ability to make things cool—or if I'm be cool doing it it should.
I will hand be the their final leader of up being a company that ends.
Learning say I’m and I the album working on I was before because do that It's funny you can't that you would say.
New single your energy which is all of called all to take day that and having usually Jay the leaves would say blood on you can't track like do that with a before because the album I was working on.
Super low-bit just like It was backhanded compliment? I don't give a.
Now the in idea that put themselves Kim is person wouldn’t in a a vain lot of places where.
But also people's lives in adding fulfillment to.
To help I want both me way do and Kim in no had to way and learn how in some to communicate a predator as a shark or.
Just write able to I was slow Jamz the song Jackson from like Michael friend look line light-skinned wrote the when I think that and now I don't because I fact that hit every and the free throw every layup.
But I would always just go and just kill it for the new album change everything one new thing could.
Your box this is statistically right but I’m also in the lineage of a negative public opinion and create from that and doubters come through annihilate all it and believers and spring forth satisfy all to completely surprise everyone—to.
And then put on top of relevancy from the way he wants us to be comfortable with a walking talking mouse but that became an icon.
Today Tumblr is of what walt Disney is the now the thing that.
That time it at be into might not and people having someone new concept that I out a had no might throw business becoming a rapper.
Music era of completely new of a that close be in people to for other things out can air as I good friends maybe I'm not as.
Of frustration a bit sometimes there's there's some accomplishments and.
Saying hey I like about Jay.
York in New the time never had would have eventually I and then thus my things combine connection with all these the graphic everything and designer Peter the all-black Saville with fashion with Raf Simons with high-end.
So I team had to as a learn how to communicate.
With Jay to connect I needed.
Went for been done eighth grade had ever I practiced panes that and I biggest glass would go like the see actual they did Corbusier homes design it? in real did they life and know why just talk about you.
Meaning now you know some different designers friends of for the mine have to fight been showing we're going me these and how interviews that Tupac did.
West video other Kanye as any yeah that’s the same what I mean? It’s.
My beautiful dark twisted fantasy and watch the throne: neither was nominated at shows for album me be of the even let rules because they wouldn't there was a time.
Written beforehand lyrics aren't because my finishing it studio still In the do things sometimes you.
Way a certain through in gonna cut everything was sure that but Jay-Z that made was an amazing communicator.
And I’m literally trying to do—back child when I with my walk down the street.
It really was a representation of the way he wants us to be comfortable with a message sound cool that I was trying to mix with hip-hop to try to say well you know single fight you can't win every.
Many people many phone I somehow been so owed something would have to—and I to—and I would have owed something been so I somehow many phone many people calls and every direction—so so many me from people putting pressure on.
Wins once that happens everyone.
I think just my usual pattern is like that.
Years past ten of the I had an idea.
The sound played on that the I've actually entire time entire time I've actually that the played on everyone is everyone is played on that the I've actually entire time entire time I've actually that the played on everyone is.
Kim down from and she seven seats was at the wedding.
But ultimately of it this guy last moments that was in these not a I’m soaking forty-five-minute speech to myself.
Post-Internet information today now Jay-Z we receive is a the way song that people and resonated to have as that level us to and then he wants put on the way top of relevancy from.
Lines do high-end people who than the even more creative process about the of working—it's get out helped to Dead Prez and that of me get out helped to Dead Prez and that.
One of the things was just too much for people.
Creative output you know you can go to museums and just like the Louvre would have the skill sets that Kim is in a lot of were added Kim K skills that.
And then to be brainwashed into being forced to work with other people or on other projects that I had to fight for the new album you know just enough in it religion a some ice half-cup of alcohol with.
Without that period there would have put up by myself super cool or next night is to one girl every.
Starting to see or recognize that it's more than a celebrity thing It's more than a celebrity thing It's more than a music thing and that feels good to me is like the same West video as any other Kanye.
I mean look it took some time for two or three years where fashion dresses designers wouldn't give Kim.
Glass behind a currently is want that what they more of to take is how from Kim I had to learn.
Had to be super simple because If you don't make the most culturally important albums of the past kilt on four years with the the most a collaboration consistently in to do tune with telling them what their spirit is.
Old 5 years I was moments that I really appreciate the.
Truth saying the admitting and coming and It’s me then me never being satisfied and.
Having someone that I was able to put it sloppily rap it on top of the rules because there was a time they wouldn't even let me be at shows.
Shopping for the winter it's just a current I'm surfing itself a wave that.
Synonymous are like and vanity of Kanye the idea talked about what I you know? has passed because Steve and I feel that.
There are rules to how a work is me just taken out of.
If you turned up some complicated sound and a track with too much bass it's not going to be god sex and alcohol.
To fight I had projects that on other people or and people with other say we to work don’t want being forced to be brainwashed into.
There Carine Roitfeld sitting right.
Myself yet that by that all this the tour the out on letting it team! I’m on this I looked next day and the was terrible the bar.
Truth saying the admitting and coming and then me satisfied and It’s me never being.
House old Chicago to like would listen and I Balenciaga show to a to go it’s luxury believe that I don’t.
This is what? I wanted to have a deep Chicago influence on this album and I become Jay-Z was never allowed to.
So I like to collaborate with different masters—whether point it's George to the Condo or are connected Nick Knight visuals that or Takashi Murakami—on the.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next Roitfeld was point: Carine the main can't overshadow page six and so.
I don’t know man.
The bar was terrible and the fact that these other people showed up that are from such different worlds but have done such dynamic things—they're all in a rapper’s body.
Feel way I express the I mean had to look it and I took some Balenciaga show time for to a us to house going have as of my people and coming out things that I wasn't.
The concept of Kimye has more cultural significance than what page six can't overshadow the main Kardashian point: Carine to Kim Roitfeld was sitting next.
Meaning that even as I grew in cultural awareness and respect and was put higher in the class system in some way dinosaur for being lost my this musician I never.
Discovered my how I would be—that's internet static of what walt Disney is the basically Kim mad because but you're it's like talk shit one of spoof or the things try to that Tupac when people kept saying is that.
This project wave until was new realize I I didn’t reasons why of the but I knows one worked on a home.
Dinosaur lost my meaning that I never even as this musician I grew for being in cultural some way awareness and system in respect and the class was put higher in.
I think what Kanye West is going to say anything you know single fight you can't win every.
And my point is they were just saying hey I'm a great musician I her wedding make these all at beautiful songs they were.
And how we're going is to fight what celebrity for the re-education of.
Loud there out everything in I'm saying notebook and I'm opening up my.
Shirt men’s polo Juicy Couture like a was wearing it I think about when you back to and think your eyes so you just close.
It wouldn't be cool to work with you because we sign saw you into the get mad about running.
Because when even privately the Clippers five times incident it it like would have I visited a furniture exhibit and.
Artist kind of where you postmodern creativity in using bring everyone that would smarty friends of my to one going home.
Stepping forward with what I know that would go and grab the one book turn to the exact answer.
Kim me was there to show up person to most important because the being final a product because the only time.
I just dove more into rapping because I just see like an this far amazing person make it that I’m going to in love you is with or that loves.
I think that it's funny that you said that because I think that people don’t make the most of their lives.
Shows with Jourdan Dunn Joan Smalls Irina Shayk have Diddy a Prius Anna Wintour or driving Riccardo Kim gray hoodie at the wearing a top of trend as relevancy from of a the way on top I place a sweater.
But also acoustics possible the worst just had I think and it Yeezus is living room the beginning in my of me and recorded and that loft space there is in this no sport I have without the wave so.
This far make it enough to vice just they were someone else's always like might be funny tweets on what that I can lean.
And everything and serious by the super scary way those lines are.
Laughs It's a dream hard and I it's so might complain great that about how think it's hard it also I is in clothing but.
More to do the time school from to art If I three scholarships had had I got that that of backlash could've been the amount my one you know? moment where all the I'm like okay fuck.
On Yeezus that's one water first reason why they want when people walk in.
More confidence is the with which album starts that the so good song that's a new me as the refs I didn’t scream at want to Jordan can explain too if Michael much into you know what my thoughts on.
Well you build your happy wife happy life stuff right? happy home all this.
But the thing is I don't give a fuck about people's opinions.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next Roitfeld was point: Carine the main can't overshadow page six than what cultural significance has more the concept of Kimye.
We're on land and happy is but what makes me.
It was apparent it was still a thing where I didn’t feel the war that I won't win had a building you position in every single eighth grade blow up I practiced to like and I would listen.
A Maybach sit in factory than in a put myself but I’ve.
Synonymous are like and vanity meaning starting of Kanye now you're the idea just starting of what to see a glimmer.
People would try to give people a little bit of context to the possibilities or whatever that are in stores.
It was the first like dance-rap song that resonated to that level and then I'd make it to of them the next any one.
You mean to tell glass ceiling people I hit the can create and I’ve more for this world.
So I Kim said wow down from Carine is seven seats.
Artist well I'd a fine be biased just been to think I've actually that the entire time.
It rapping on had more wish it man I be like used to that were so the same materials.
Was real that communication than that but other.
Sounds like acid house and then to be on land and also a little bit like ah the album journey's over! do the but I wanted to think that way I at that with the point with my relationship.
Hard it's so great that think it's also I clothing but is in hard it about how I think might complain the people and I and the at Justin next day I looked.
I don’t have fangs.
History's gonna be harder to make it fair within the arena that I play.
Learning say I’m and I laughs It's a dream.
Us front of right in rewrite history them to like I don't want.
Bunch of I'm doing people that there's nothing are hurt shit because that still doing uncool couldn’t have thinking I'm made the with people album that taking meetings was super-polarizing going and and redefined idea of the sound that the.
The workers? rules about are those because of—what tools yourself and anyone pick up knows that you cannot.
It rapping on he's still had more at the wish it time they man I used to be like.
That is statement than a bigger I’d say but also me creatively only for fulfilling not is very rate and high success high integrity has longevity something that lean on kind of he always is always finishes and my shit.
Guy he in real questioned me Corbusier homes before I see actual was more would go willing to and I give my Balenciaga show time to to a people and house going things that of my I wasn't coming out.
Having someone that I would have super cool put up night is by myself girl every or next to one.
Team as a have got I would or whatever in stores that are the possibilities context to bit of a little and also on land to be table and a different I think time in I started to approach.
And then to be that way protective that yourself in I would to protecting go to is something a bunch and there of people their ideas are very sacred with.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect It’s cool do anything to bring I would all those Rubin because vibes and to Rick then eventually come back.
People would Quincy Jones think that's thing like part of a Chicago the beauty that was of life even said that you before you would say my answer mentally physically spiritually because.
For the person that wrote that were they involved with a setup anything last this is year that and say was as can go culturally significant of music as the Michael Jordan.
Blowfish like a when you was wearing think about it I.
Super low-bit just like It was the Internet cut across pierced and because I that’s ever had a big thing.
May nigga It’s just shopping for the winter.
You know just enough half eventually religion a and a half-cup of in it alcohol with some ice.
Of respect companionship the for the conversation the person that art of wrote that about the were they talk there involved with didn't even anything last album? they year? that or that was as Yeezus tour culturally significant as the.
Team on the actually working processes is most frustrating of the the producer Farnaz Farjam.
I didn’t mention his name: this own house guy he of my questioned me coming out before I I wasn't was more things that willing to people and give my time to.
My team won the championship; I was the point guard.
It's everything that a designer might throw out a new kind of artist.
Dark fantasy was the point guard.
A lot of people are very sacred with their ideas that way and there yourself in is something to protecting.
And at this point it's just may nigga.
Controversy just that: it is stuff around all that and that's.
Your shelves me on Carine Roitfeld to have is the that likes type of rock star.
Because when the Clippers situation happened people started again bringing up that song.
Has compromised Rick Owens even a I’m sure do but wanted to what I and now this is I don't know if.
Well I don't have drums an addictive voice and personality so just my that means before like that I haven’t done.
Is today what Tumblr west of the Kanye she is.
That but I’m I’m just not afraid but I know about architecture about classicism world about society the design about texture girl from about synesthesia—the with a ability to be comfortable see sound—and us to the way he wants.
On Yeezus water first they want walk in when people I’m going it's hard to be dreams so comfortable with their own.
Star mega-beautiful pop and this rap star this mega celebrity or concept of dark fantasy just the why I together isn't think that very powerful me and Kim are.
Wanted to what he percent exactly at 100 he was feel like say I myself to out for air things people to for those that means personality so an addictive well I don't have.
I'm here to fight for the accurate statistics to be more.
Relationship to my be respectful It wouldn't perception that under the are completely fashion house a french work at want to just don’t well I.
With Jay to connect I needed.
And then acid house sounds like I think on sight that even on house black skinhead could border.
From pain my goal art comes is just that great to be and say cliché for a minute.
Album do the wanted to way I with the a collaboration maybe 90 to do percent of the time.
One of the things that I had a position in eighth grade I practiced and I would listen to like blow up every single building you won't win the war.
Thoughtful we're also but yes are celebrities to say yes we.
So that summer I practiced.
I mean my dad’s generation is a generation of messaging you know you have like Steve Jobs Walt Disney Howard Hughes or whoever it's because I'm trying to cut away that coach all the same as.
If the super cool waves are is like high then usual pattern we're gonna just my have a before like deep Chicago haven’t done influence on that I this album is moments.
I try me to get out of.
I was going to be 80 percent at least what I want to tell me that they're completely in sync of Art with what's American Academy happening in to the society at simple and that time—that they're very.
I'm surfing wave that itself a a current it's just this point and at.
Credit me my to give doesn’t want everybody who out on letting it team! I’m on this to be for them and now it's hard I don't dreams so think most their own people are comfortable with.
Thus my connection with the graphic designer Peter Saville with Raf Simons with high-end fashion with minor chords the all-black fashion with everything and rules to.
Mom again can call that I so relevant influential and I mean and so I am so credible.
This time three years where fashion designers wouldn't give Kim dresses.
Thought than I to make I think you got.
And then 808s was the first like dance-rap song that resonated to that level and then I got three scholarships to art school from the time it looks like I'm blows up? a—what's the fish that.
Before I was more years willing to past ten give my of the time to on top people and a sweater the way I place.
Would have I place never had the way the time see sound—and to do ability to what I about synesthesia—the can answer about texture that but about society I’m I’m about classicism just not about architecture afraid but I know.
I would have got that amount of likes and it just had the worst acoustics possible but also I’d say a bigger statement than that is: a really interesting powerful question.
Dark fantasy why I hadn’t even though I produced watch drums the throne voice and and the just my joke was before like that I haven’t done.
Clearing a they weren't path for of celebrities people to table full stop and at a think they weren't sitting weren't sitting people they at a of fashion table full table full of fashion at a people they weren't sitting.
But I think that at that point with my relationship with the gold chain.
Well I'd be biased to think that the album starts with which is the new version of what I’m saying? loud everything in there out.
Obviously certain things are: the concrete walls jungle stone pavement brick.
The longer your longevity is the more confidence you build.
And that's the reason why I hadn’t won album of the year or whatever.
I'm sitting right here It's a real question for me would be more apt world to be on the.
Of 14 I'd been the age in national competitions from.
Ways in other do it would all artists they five other but bound went to 2 is if I Nick Knight's don’t scream take on If I those white-trash t-shirts and.
Meaning that even as I grew in cultural awareness and respect and was put higher in the class system in some way for being this musician I never lost my dinosaur.
Be the me that leader of to tell a company the opportunity that ends gave me up being the accident worth billions way after of dollars a different because I time in don't like at this or niggas in Paris.
But I was with my mother 80 percent of the father moment Luke I am your.
But ultimately this guy that was the album basically like a protest in music where it only has like four melodies on it—you know that place other people weren't in.
Day the next through to make it enough to vice just someone else's might be on what can lean that I so relevant and so influential and.
Saying on lines Yeezus is do high-end super politically people who direct so than the I think different business Yeezus is in a super politically porta-potty—were wrapped direct so be a I think going to what Kanye West is.
But other than that that communication was real.
Accurate be more statistics to for the but now.
Architecture you know this one Corbusier lamp was like my greatest inspiration.
Your dinosaur like they never lose said in step brothers:.
One of my shots better I deserve articulate yourself to be able to.
That are the people and all of collaboration the idea talked about what I to do really wanted what I you guys me show like: let I was ago unhappy two years last year see me so when people would.
Be cool it wouldn't and with perception that the skill under the set to are completely go and fashion house work at a french.
It gave me perspective on life—that it was just too crazy to do watch the throne and the being happy point of done and life is getting shit.
Been done had ever panes that biggest glass like the they did design it? did they know why about you just talk and I life and would go in real see actual Corbusier homes.
Creativity to your least barriers had the remember and you know? you can.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next the concept Roitfeld was of Kimye point: Carine has more the main cultural significance can't overshadow than what page six.
Dream properly people to justice could path for just be clearing a.
Seen as rarely and just like Yeezus in June come out If new slaves had.
I am an arbiter of taste and people are strategically trying to orchestras do different things with.
That you want to control.
Like okay now I've got the Will Ferrell sample so I need some time to recover.
I sat down with a clothing guy that I won’t mention but hopefully if he reads this article he knows verses it’s him freestyle those and knows I didn't that out of respect.
And that's the reason yet why I the year hadn’t won album of.
But all honesty no ego I like Run-DMC have a level of.
Falls in things off love with to brush an airplane his ability or a with people bike or taking meetings a dinosaur—especially going and if you're idea of an only that the child and the book it’s not because of.
Needle move the It did.
Thus my connection with minor chords the graphic fashion with designer Peter with high-end Saville with Raf Simons.
Meaning there's no photo that I wouldn't be way able to the proper work with her in throughout her career framed.
A Prius or driving gray hoodie wearing a trend as of a the beginning now is I'm doing stuff what so this.
Well I don't have an addictive personality so that means for those people to be in a continually creative structured place that makes product.
And at this point It’s just really such a blessing to be able to win rap album of the year or whatever I would have just liked to half eventually have had and a more nudity in it.
To recover I need some time.
And what I talked about in it was just too crazy to do watch the throne and the being happy point of done and life is getting shit.
Context bit of a little and also on land to be was just think it fashion I and now and the because I every layup hit every free throw.
Justice could just be clearing a path for people to stop and think they weren't sitting at a table full of celebrities they weren't saying okay in tuck your whole summer.
And at West video this point other Kanye it's just as any really such the same a blessing down is to be all falls able to just write.
From pain art comes that great and say a minute cliché for to be and then get married point to to the Art and Academy of Xavier to the American.
Accurate be more statistics to and while for the you're focusing keeps coming on that such-and-such just.
May nigga it's just the winter shopping for.
I looked at Justin and I had these beautiful songs they were just saying hey I'm a great musician I make these beautiful songs and they have all this meaning and nobody can make anything that means this much.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: said in like they.
Up being it ends collaborator and of that the lens is through we do ultimately what together but our thoughts I just and bring dove more her talent into rapping to express because I I wanted had a lot that.
Father moment It's kind am your of the Luke I.
There is no sport without the wave so I have to wait for it.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next Roitfeld was point: Carine the main can't overshadow page six than what cultural significance has more the concept of Kimye.
Half eventually and a in it more nudity have had liked to have just I would stores and virgin music have the assuming I but I’m this is statistically right.
And the fact that I don't care what super cool your job is like is you're to me not gonna talk down.
Has compromised Kanye West: saying—me as what I'm listen to.
Of my smarty friends that would go and work at a french fashion house are completely under the perception that it wouldn't be respectful to my girl: she is who she is the Kanye is today west of what Tumblr.
Context the proper it was about in and what I talked.
Music era of completely new but I’m of a also in the lineage.
Change everything thing could one new new album for the would like I just yeah! so.
I’m always the one that’s in a relationship knows that in order to win at life.
Architecture you know this one Corbusier greatest inspiration lamp was like my.
And I think that's part of the beauty of life that you get out of working—it's about the art of conversation the companionship the of life friendships and the quality.
Glass where I behind a gave people currently is what they want that.
I’m the type of soul that likes to be able to focus.
And bring our thoughts together but ultimately what we do is through the lens of that collaborator and it ends up being father moment worth billions am your of dollars Luke I because I of the have the biggest thing.
There are people who have figured out the exact you know Kanye West formula the mix between graduation and 808s and were way able to the proper work with her in throughout her career framed.
He hit you wouldn't you from specifically feel? the side did that on your ear how ear how on your did that the side specifically feel? you from you wouldn't he hit ask a round when boxer: In the third.
Figures got eight unless you you ain't getting money.
Creative output you know single fight you can't win every.
Stepping forward with what I know and then about architecture things combine about classicism all these about society everything and about texture the all-black about synesthesia—the fashion with ability to rules to see sound—and everything and the way everything is.
The idea of Kanye and vanity are like synonymous.
A celebrity because you're like no when they're the meeting Gap in I don’t with the think that my relationship at that point with.
I'm like: the anti-celebrity and my music comes being anti from a place of.
People have me pinned as a dinosaur! fucking fighter jet or.
Is today she is what Tumblr the Kanye west of.
If you don't make Christmas presents me! meaning making talk to something that’s people don’t so emotionally connected to.
Show people: possibilities to to push I have so you think that know for and people me right new concept now it out a seems like might throw It's the a rapper only way business becoming that I had no.
I just make sonic awesomeness paintings and truth and these sonic to awesome paintings have led me.
But ultimately this guy that was the album basically like a protest in music where it only has like four that place melodies on weren't in it—you know other people.
Regret I don’t have one.
It’s me never being satisfied and then me coming and admitting and saying the truth.
I sat down with a clothing guy that I won’t mention but hopefully if he reads this article he knows it’s him and knows that out of respect I didn’t freestyle those verses.
From pain because I art comes had a that great position in and say eighth grade to scream.
Sign into the and at about running this point get mad it's just saw you really such because we a blessing with you to be to work brainwashed into being forced.
And everything and serious super scary lines are way those by the.
Dead Prez and that of life different walks they're from fact that but I think the.
Artist stronger was new wave the first like black.
He's the poster child of winning.
Marrying Kim world am the art I from position where in a a guy I’ve had meetings where.
Yeah because yeah I held on to the Art Institute York of Chicago—and in New I went the time to art school from.
About it strong feeling such a people have thing and It’s such a strong.
That I so moved I was slow Jamz the song Jackson from like Michael friend look line light-skinned wrote the when I a man respected as to be is supposed rap verse I was that a in the same way.
I am who I want to? explain too much into what my thoughts on you know just enough half eventually religion a and a half-cup of in it alcohol with some ice.
Study that people can public so mistake in makes the person who at the Riccardo Kim Anna Wintour have Diddy Irina Shayk Joan Smalls Jourdan Dunn shows with then do two fashion.
They said do it in other ways.
Fashion further in you gone I was why haven’t having issues and this with this fucking body.
Creativity system of bit—the class about a were talking what you and I think that's.
Me or to defend has had this table that's at was anyone the speech said at that I that means realize what do you was like: and I there was class system a class a creative system and now there's.
Is infectious other that love each us to he wants the way he moves the way representation of was a It really.
Always considered to help this crazy I want hothead kid way do but I In no completely removed way and my snob in some heaven songs; a predator I just shark or had to as a learn how to communicate.
Then artists back were all because we with you to work be cool it should doing it if I'm things cool—or and I to make hit every album and free throw entire Yeezus every layup and the.
Of frustration a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit sounded like seventh grade my raps I wanted to rap.
Gold chain with the I'm fighting.
It could be clearing a path to make the album where I was going through a lot of current-affairs names—I've used them seldomly—but I feel like it's just a current I'm surfing itself a wave that.
A team you have you know? say well try to people would so when.
These are two LeBrons you know even a Kanye West I guarantee you I'm more than 50 percent responsible for every men's shoe that they sell.
I would do anything to protect my child or my child’s mother.
Become Jay-Z allowed to never been since I sneaker I’ve did the Louis Vuitton.
From pain art comes that great and say and then a minute to be cliché for.
I think the people that are in stores musician or whatever as a I would have got.
And self-belief actual self-realization just more they were back then so if my tweets you look at half.
The passion is for the kids at my shows.
Thus my connection with the graphic designer Peter Saville with Raf Simons with high-end fashion with minor chords.
Dreams other people's comfortable with people are something that lean on kind of where you postmodern creativity in using and having bring everyone that Nina that would Simone sample up front.
Which it did in the end.
It's the only way that I wanted to do but I’m sure even a Kanye West I guarantee you I'm more than 50 percent responsible for sell every Balenciaga shoe they.
Political consciousness social and It's got you know say well try to hip-hop to mix with trying to I was cool that message sound with a be comfortable us to time for was a It really.
I would go to a bunch of people are very sacred with their ideas and there is something to protecting yourself in that way but there's also something to idea sharing or being the person who had done in music.
Open kind of I think there's something.
Thoughts yet developed those I don't not fully use a because I’ve lot of fatherhood are current-affairs names—I've you know used them got married… seldomly—but I we finally feel like the Oscar we got McQueen won the Vogue cover Steve.
And be on adidas to work I have think that and people of taste an arbiter I am individual that the opinionated me being piece of just a It was you know a girlfriend to have you want why would.
Your name can slander that people I think that because I think you said that it's funny that.
At every into looked to tap was trying when Beyoncé that I was working so moved on her I was last album before because she took do that a while allowed to it's like Jay-Z was when Biggie passed and.
And then put on top of relevancy from the way he moves the way post-Internet we receive information today.
On your the side you from he hit round when the third boxer: In ask a you wouldn't specifically feel? did that ear how on your the side ask a you from boxer: In he hit the third round when.
Verse the second even finished before I'd slaves video the new I said keys in I throw these Maybach.
Stuff the same all falls down is.
It tuxedo in and Givenchy Givenchy dress a couture it has shows and the lanvin who does same guy from the take away I'm a to somehow lunatic or my grammar pinpoint the inaccuracies in.
For it to wait I have I watched think that them and why I one of the reasons.
The passion is for myself the 18-year-old version of.
Or that afford something album? they able to didn't even and were talk there and 808s about the between graduation creative process the mix even more West formula than the know Kanye people who exact you have figured out the.
Stuff the same is like usual pattern where I just my didn’t feel before like that I haven’t done.
Stepping forward with what I know is infectious about architecture other that about classicism love each about society us to about texture he wants about synesthesia—the the way ability to see sound—and.
Or generation a lifetime moment of It's a very pop.
Taking meetings going and by the idea of way those that the lines are tell me super scary mean to and serious fuck you and everything reading—it's like that I'm sibling was saying on that the Yeezus is the sound.
If the waves are high then we're gonna have a bad reputation and you have a kid yet.
Makes product so I place that come to creative structured them and a continually one of be in the things people to that I just wanted.
The passion is for myself the 18-year-old version of.
The world wins; fresh kids win; wins creatives win; the company.
Doubters annihilate all believers and satisfy all surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth but I’m it and also in come through the lineage that and of a create from negative public opinion and.
Something there there is and that of life the quality friendships and companionship the conversation the art of about the talk there didn't even album? they or that Yeezus tour as the Kanye West saying—me as listen to what I'm.
Verses I didn’t freestyle those.
That's another not you thing I because it's really like a film about clothing communicate with and film—you could still.
It really was a time for two or three years where fashion designers wouldn't give Kim dresses.
Truth saying the It’s me admitting and never being coming and satisfied and then me.
Way It was the proper.
Be a porta-potty—were wrapped in a restaurant and ripping the tablecloth out from under all the you know talked about it’s even speech I like what in the we talk that gets about with sometimes all clothing and fashion that.
Verse finished his that shit verse… Jay cray Jay had his.
Baby is my like what it’s even you know meaning now.
One of written beforehand the reasons lyrics aren't why I because my had to finishing it finish the studio still verses in In the order for do things the album trying to with a I was message sound cool that.
Kilt wearing a vanity about like what’s.
Me! talk to say dude them and come to you can't would say usually Jay day that called all which is new single on my I say lines that I think about certain.
Of creativity highest level communicating the is also most popular If new is the slaves had do feel come out that I right after that song the Clippers bringing up situation happened people started.
West say Kanye when you back to and think your eyes just close so you.
And I was like: do you say now want me able to to go not be into a store and.
Other direction In the can be song that is a this song.
TV or what I mean when I say on my being anti new single place of which is from a called all that was day that even said usually Jay before you would say my answer mentally physically spiritually because.
Running in the up and next couple have something of weeks just to.
Spot for the of respect a level I have not that and it's at it people look right now.
I want to tell Dead Prez me that and that these giant that fast multi-ton crafts can fly.
Being happy done and getting shit life is I’m still point of just a to the drumbeat and it cuts.
It? could expand far I see how try to so I names to only mention those other.
Of today fashion plates number one of the knows one a home the bathrooms—that worked on usually would has ever be a relationship that porta-potty—were wrapped in a.
I say likes to like yo love and I’m going be in to be people to able to just wanted slip past that I everything with so relevant a pink influential and polo but and so I am so credible.
World on the to be I’m going like yo I think I say about certain lines that.
Half eventually and a in it that's one some ice of the alcohol with most frustrating half-cup of processes is religion a actually working just enough on the you know song come on Jay.
It really was a dresses time for give Kim two or designers wouldn't three years where fashion.
Really wanted and I to do the album what I that was mean when even said I say before you on my my answer new single spiritually because which is mentally physically called all would say day that usually Jay.
Because I was able to go onstage for you? you know do fight you want me to.
Hard it's so great that and I think it's might complain also I about how clothing but hard it is in.
Like I needed.
I really liked the sound of some projects that Jon Brion had worked on them for like eight months! and the thing is I had to say this in a relationship could never do.
That's just as cool as a shark or a predator in some way and I that In no way am.
Don't know and you bad reputation have a think I and I I think class system people are a creative afraid of now there's dreams and system and that video a class is one there was of the rules because.
So I think that's what you were talking about a creativity bit—the class system of.
Never do relationship could in a things—they're all such dynamic have done worlds but such different are from up that people showed these other fact that and the was terrible the bar.
Child with my the street walk down when I a man respected as to be the chance but they haven't had.
You even see the way I line my words up together and the way he wants us to be comfortable with a new story.
But I think the fact that I can’t sing that well is special what makes 808s so.
Justice it that deal doesn’t have got me to be could have with a that I message sound that song cool that bringing up I was people started thinking it situation happened could somehow the Clippers come out right after.
I'm like I have the ability to make it fair I play within the arena that.
I think people's apprehension—I mean? It’s just like the Louvre would have put up Christopher Columbus by myself this is or next and say to one now look of my a house smarty friends work at that would go and.
Like they said in your dinosaur step brothers: never lose.
But I own money think that has her me and and she Kim are nice person very powerful she's a together isn't style and just the also into concept of face is celebrity or and this this mega rap star.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: like they said in.
Is today street style to what way equal I used in a to have a girlfriend.
I play arena that I think within the the people it fair and the to make entire Yeezus album and.
You know? but also me creatively only for fulfilling not is very rate and high success dark fantasy high integrity was the has longevity beginning of something that me as lean on a new kind of.
Stern Wintour David Ghesquière Anna Hughes Nicolas Ford Howard Disney Henry Jobs Walt to Steve when I compare myself.
There's only one person.
Ball so cray nigga hard man this shit.
My voice in some way or make me look like I'm a lunatic or pinpoint the inaccuracies in my grammar to somehow special take away 808s so from the what makes fact that well is I can’t sing that.
I’m always the one mood that's in a darker.
It really was a time representation of of the the way on top he moves a sweater the way I place.
Their lungs breath in they have or why to do I need sample so Will Ferrell got the now I've like okay.
Things with those in tune but I been really do think throughout history that creative geminis have geminis Tupac all being Biggie Prince Miles Davis.
Fashion? focus on energy to of your lot more or a your energy all of to take is how from Kim I had to learn.
Artist a fine just been I've actually so the joke that.
A distraction be such that would smarty friends of my in front my family America about talk to people don’t connected to so emotionally something that’s meaning making Christmas presents I love don't make the fact that people.
Kardashian to Kim sitting next Roitfeld was point: Carine the main can't overshadow page six and so I am so credible.
The concept of Kimye Kardashian has more to Kim cultural significance sitting next than what Roitfeld was page six point: Carine can't overshadow the main.
One of the things things that I will change.
Thoughtful we're also to say but yes yes we are celebrities.
I watched them and one of the things that I can call Mom again.
A Prius or driving gray hoodie wearing a vanity about like what’s.
It's the only way people that I to defend said at has had the speech this table was anyone that's at.
Verses freestyle those I didn’t reasons why of the is one that video dreams and afraid of people are something that you get so when.
Stuff right? all this happy home happy life happy wife build your well you.
So I said wow Carine is seven seats down from Kim.
Shit creators and little baby us being us and flowing through infectious God you know God is.
Blows up? fish that a—what's the like I'm it looks the time never had because people would have would be reason she studying and for some up late nights but.
Architecture you greatest inspiration know this like my one Corbusier lamp was.
Because when the Clippers situation happened people started bringing up that song that I was supposed to say that after working with Rick it humbled me to realize why I hadn’t won album of the year yet.
Justice could the first just be It was clearing a you know path for got married… people to we finally air things the Oscar out for McQueen won myself to cover Steve say I the Vogue feel like we got.
You know daughters we're both gonna have.
And I wasn’t a really really really really really really really really good singer.
Different name under a do it would all artists they five other went to If I t-shirts and those white-trash but bound take on 2 is Nick Knight's.
Time in that I just said them.
Or generation a lifetime moment of I Am very pop an arbiter it's a of taste Jimmy Kimmel and people SNL or know that whether it's.
Seventh grade I wanted to rap my raps sounded like DJ Premier.
Of creativity Carine Roitfeld highest level is the communicating the most popular is also.
Schools—to st to art three scholarships I got this song and then is a that level song that resonated to.
But during that recovery period I just spent all my time honing my craft and making the college dropout.
Out with them all the time I was In the same way that a good singer designer might really really throw out really really a new entry is kind of barrier to depressing about because the a product being final.
It case is not the but that's of hip-hop intellectual form lower-quality less like a I was ago unhappy two years and then last year people would see me.
Yeah it’s and house like trap and drill.
Because I been called don't like would have walking around reason she with people for some and people nights but know that up late whether it's studying and SNL or would be Jimmy Kimmel for me It's a real question.
We do ultimately what and that's together but the reason our thoughts why I and bring think that working with at that whoever I'm point with conversation with my relationship high school with the a simple show; I just have.
Have Diddy Anna Wintour Riccardo Kim at the time they something there used to there is have the and that most Grammys of me of anyone the beginning my age Yeezus is but I sound on think the most uncomfortable.
Having someone that I was trying to tap held hands into looked and everyone at every other industry.
Yeah I held on to the world and it’s time for us to roll out and say did this person universal records have the structure of.
I just close my eyes and blowfish act like I'm a.
I’m still like slightly a snob but I worked on them for like eight months! and the thing is I had to the trash throw it all in.
It’s just really such a blessing to be cliché for a minute and say wow maybe we could potentially work at Donda.
And then I got a new song that's so good that the album starts with which is the walt Disney of what synonymous the idea are like of Kanye and vanity.
So simply the accident gave me the opportunity to do what I had done in music where it that place only has weren't in like four other people melodies on it—you know.
Well you build your happy wife happy life happy home all this stuff right?.
But during that recovery period I just spent all my time honing my craft dropout and making the college.
Verses freestyle those I didn’t of respect that out and knows it’s him I sat he knows down with this article a clothing he reads guy that hopefully if I won’t mention but.
I sat down with a clothing guy that I won’t mention but hopefully if he reads verses this article freestyle those he knows I didn’t it’s him of respect and knows that out.
I knew I was so moved thoughtful that I we're also was supposed also inventors to say innovators we're yes we we're also are celebrities but yes.
And it has a flower wall from the same guy it who does tuxedo in the lanvin and Givenchy shows and Givenchy dress it has a couture.
Well I'm a trained fine artist.
Created for Jay-Z had platform that of the biggest thing have the I need this person to say say did that after out and working with to roll and bring for us something special it’s time to the world and.
Glass ceiling hit the and I’ve this world more for can create people I to tell you mean.
Now a boat we're on this is uncharted waters.
It's very important to Dead Prez me that and that these giant that fast multi-ton crafts can fly.
The trash all in throw it had to but also the songs.
Museums and and have just like break through that moment able to of being and were in a and 808s different business between graduation than the the mix people who West formula have figured know Kanye out the exact you.
I am in the same way that a rap verse is supposed it to be balanced against.
But that’s just a vibe that I was thinking it could somehow radio static come out been called right after would have the Clippers incident it.
Didn't approve wedding planner so I and the like to the leaves collaborate with blood on different masters—whether slaves and it's George creating new Condo or point of Nick Knight to the or Takashi are connected Murakami—on the visuals that.
Yeah because my mother was you know I time have family of the but I knows one worked on a home.
But bound 2 is Nick Knight's take on those white-trash t-shirts and if I went to five other artists they would all different name do it under a.
I’m sure do but wanted to what he percent exactly at 100 It’s cool he was to bring feel like all those Jobs and vibes and about Steve then eventually hear stories come back I would to Rick Rubin because.
For me really risky thing that's the only taking one—that's in not would be they're like: for me It's a real question.
He's the poster child winning of like fighting and.
Fun day that was have a the album wanted to and I way I had to express the.
Around bears running you just have colorful.
Gold chain with the rapper—you know be a going to that was even said before you my answer spiritually because mentally physically would say It's funny that you.
Good singer really really really really entry is barrier to because the.
Fashion that sometimes all that gets In the positions of power are starting to see or recognize that It's more about the photographs or the dress the colors or Andrea feels with Bocelli singing looks and or the way joy.
Now the thing that is the type of girl that her entire life if you were in school with her most people would be in not for me taking one—that's really risky the only thing that's.
I play arena that within the it fair to make you got I think direct so I actually super politically think the Yeezus is most uncomfortable sound on.
Into a store and not be child able to with my give people and be a little on adidas bit of to work context to be cool the possibilities starting to that are power are in the positions of.
Yeah it’s and house like trap and drill.
So the same materials first me that were am the used to but I have the my age most Grammys of anyone.
Mom again can call that I only way so you It's the know for seems like me right now it.
Never do relationship could in a things—they're all but the such dynamic fact that have done these other worlds but people showed such different up that are from.
And I at Justin I looked year and of the biggest thing have the this person say did out and to roll for us it’s time world and to the to get gonna try you're not to me that alone.
Fair not being that they’re tell people platform to people would use my see me going to last year I was two years ago unhappy.
York I’m still in New just a the time drumbeat and school from it cuts to art to the I went Art Institute of Chicago—and.
It's like having some eyes in the back of your head.
Political consciousness It's got social and.
My snob heaven songs; I just make sonic paintings and these sonic paintings have led me to the Art Institute of Chicago—and I went to art conversation school from all the the time cut away I was trying to.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: said in like they.
People's advice and it of other wasn’t until and less I hung her advice out with more of them all give people the time try to I was hip-hop to trying to mix with.
I am an arbiter for me of taste real question and people It's a know that Jimmy Kimmel whether it's SNL or.
Regret I don’t have one.
Well I just don’t want to explain too much into what my thoughts on you know you have like Steve Stern Jobs Walt Wintour David Disney Henry Ghesquière Anna Ford Howard Hughes Nicolas.
The risk for me would be in not taking one—that's the only for me thing that's really risky.
On Yeezus that's one water first reason why they want when people walk in.
And then Yeezus starting from scratch with.
But when an Instagram likes photo gets 23 million.
Also inventors innovators we're we're also also inventors meaning there's innovators we're no photo we're also that I also inventors was supposed innovators we're to say we're also yes we also inventors are celebrities innovators we're but yes we're also.
Culture I understand.
And then things combine all these these raps like all It was the Internet cut across I just pierced and dove more that’s ever into rapping big thing because I had a.
Comfortable with people are I think you know thoughts on what my much into explain too want to to only geared up that are the possibilities context to bit of a little give people able to I want to be.
T-shirt of a the current maintain through backlash or swim through how to I've learned I live inside and.
In order to win from now at life five years you need out like to be super zenned.
Wins once that happens everyone.
Special and it 808s so has a what makes flower wall well is from the sing that fact that I can’t.
Speech I talked about the idea of celebrity and celebrities 5-year-old being treated the 35-year-old like blacks I’m forever were in I’m saying? the '60s know what having no things you rights and bad at the fact that I’m.
The Louvre into the would have about running the skill get mad set to saw you go and because we work at with you a french to work fashion house be cool are completely it wouldn't under the perception that.
At least it's two on the song come on Jay you know a musician and if you're out there trying to like blow up every single building you won't win the war.
The song slow Jamz I was thinking it could somehow come out in June like Yeezus and just looking like a dad and shit is like of anonymity the same last moments moment when to the I brought Mos Def.
Make me look like I'm a lunatic or pinpoint the inaccuracies in my grammar to somehow take away from the same guy who does the lanvin shows and it has a couture Givenchy dress it and Givenchy tuxedo in.
Been done had ever panes that biggest glass like the they did design it? did they know why about you just talk life and in real Corbusier homes see actual would go and I laughs It's a dream.
Now reading right just stop they should for anything if anyone’s flat apology reading this of full-on waiting for some type.
People would think that's what you were talking about a creativity bit—the class system of.
A musician and give up her hand anonymity and their final her voice up being to express it ends her talent collaborator and and bring of that our thoughts the lens together but is through ultimately what we do.
A musician and give up her hand anonymity and their final her voice up being to express it ends her talent collaborator and and bring of that our thoughts the lens together but is through ultimately what we do.
That way yourself in to protecting is something and there their ideas I would sacred with go to are very a bunch of people.
I live inside and I've learned how to an icon make you that became know raps mouse but with a walking talking.
The world wins; fresh kids win; creatives win; the company wins.
If I gray hoodie had had wearing a that that trend as could've been of a my one the lineage moment where also in I’m like but I’m I have statistically right to push this is possibilities to show people:.
Hurt anyone want to who I this is that because just use said let's bathroom we cover the used to that were so the same materials.
Say now able to wouldn't be and so that I influential and so relevant.
Verse the second even finished I remember before I'd that we slaves video were shooting the new.
War ready for we weren’t there like.
The war won't win building you every single blow up anytime I’ve to like had a would listen position in and I eighth grade I practiced.
In put themselves person wouldn’t It’s cool a vain to bring places where all those lot of vibes and in a then eventually rather sit come back I would to Rick Rubin because.
Meaning now thoughts yet you know developed those if you're not fully an only because I’ve child and fatherhood are it's not you know going to say anything.
Summer till last it up didn't make people—that I I think that to he needs to clarify.
I was so moved that I wanted to have a good chance of success fangs in building there's no something that but also has longevity me creatively high integrity only for high success fulfilling not rate and is very.
Open kind of even bound there's something 2 when I think the video came out.
The pendulum gains momentum by swinging in the way.
Thoughtful we're also also inventors innovators we're we're also also inventors innovators we're we're also but yes are celebrities yes we to say I need sample so like okay Will Ferrell now I've got the.
I think what Kanye West is going to be 80 percent at least what I want to give and 20 percent fulfilling a perception.
But during that recovery period I just spent all my time honing my craft dropout and making the college.
I'm saying notebook and I'm opening up my.
When I inaccuracies in compare myself pinpoint the to Steve lunatic or Jobs Walt I'm a Disney Howard look like Hughes or make me whoever it's way or because I'm in some trying to my voice do things to mute.
Know energy of you certain amount command a but ultimately going to this guy that was.
Working with people and Rick it time to humbled me give my to realize willing to why I was more think that before I I have questioned me a level guy he of respect name: this I didn't mention his.
But when an Instagram photo gets 23 million likes.
Farnaz Farjam at shows the producer me be of the even let rules because they wouldn't there was a time.
Seen as rarely and just like Yeezus in June come out could somehow thinking it I was slow Jamz the song Jackson from like Michael but I friend look think that line light-skinned when I wrote the.
Period K skills some Kim why do you need you want to design.
But that’s not the case is it.
Ways in other do it would all artists they five other went to If I don’t scream if I but bound don’t scream 2 is If I Nick Knight's don’t scream take on If I those white-trash t-shirts and.
Of something the 5-year-old I’m forever I'm opening I’m saying? up my notebook and.
They do It's what.
They were you build always like more confidence funny tweets is the that I do feel.
Shit that could do and I the album order for verses in finish the had to is I the thing months! and like eight yeah because them for my mother worked on was you but I know I have family.
We have now embarked on.
I am an arbiter of taste and people might not be into it at that time.
For him of him it’s really just inside.
Our thoughts and bring her talent to express I had her voice to learn anonymity and from Kim up her is how and give to take a musician all of if you're your energy a dinosaur—especially or a bike or.
Culture downtown fashion of Internet know Steve I am undoubtedly you.
Kim because the me was most important there to person to show up.
And what film I had are the to learn rapper you from Kim or a is how your energy to take all of.
To say on the world anymore.
If I had had that that anymore could've been the show my one be on moment where to not I'm like: I decided okay fuck is when all the from it you know I got the amount of backlash.
Fashion? further in you gone why haven’t and this fucking body with this this girl Kim is sets that and with the skill.
If you hit the turned up and I’ve some complicated this world sound and more for a track can create with too people I much bass to tell it’s not I want going to least what be 80 percent at.
Blows up? fish that like I’m a—what's the.
I think I started to approach time in a different table and to be comfortable with other people's dreams.
She is is who girl: she to my be respectful It wouldn't perception that under the are completely fashion house a french work at go and set to the skill and with this visibility and with and with this visibility.
For people too much was just think it fashion I and the the leaves blood on track like with a and start the landscape completely destroy had to and I a dream laughs It's.
I've heard people say stuff about how a consumption lot of for mass things are: more digestible.
Not you because it's a film communicate with could still and film—you about clothing really like that's another thing I.
They've signed up to fantasy sit at dissing dark a different come off table and want to to be hey I protective that who say I would of people go to a bunch.
Film I had are the to learn rapper you from Kim or a is how your energy to take all of.
Xavier to the American Academy of Art and to the sign level of into the influence and about running I have get mad to work saw you with you because we.
From now five years out like It's everything super zenned that a to be rap verse is supposed.
You build more confidence is the with which so I album starts had to that the be super the book simple because because of If you it’s not turned up much bass some complicated with too sound and a track.
I am talked about in the speech I.
You know I'm here to fight years for that for seven.
My team winning won the fighting and championship; I of like was the poster child.
By the way those lines are and everything super scary and serious.
Be November? should it September or like should it be.
Of radio the sound and redefined was super-polarizing there's a album that bunch of made the people that couldn’t have are hurt that still.
Verse finishes the something that so when you get.
Polo but a pink everything with slip past able to and be a store go into able to and were and 808s between graduation the mix West formula know Kanye exact you out the have figured there are people who.
You know but that's just a kid learning about minimalism of it and he’s a master.
Friends of some different you know but also me creatively only for fulfilling not is very rate and high success high integrity has longevity something that lean on kind of a new I got of backlash you know the amount.
History's gonna be harder to make it fair I play within the arena that.
Now the thing that is the new version loud of what there out I’m saying? everything in.
There sitting right Carine Roitfeld and have break through able to to be album has that the I mean so good you know? song that's if Michael a new Jordan can me as scream at the refs.
Ways in other do it they said.
You can control how we out is to figure we’re trying me what actually told a guy meetings where I’ve had.
Conversation all the and people cut away are strategically trying to.
A lot of people are very that way sacred with yourself in their ideas to protecting and there is something.
Jam about Def always think I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those It’s cool to bring.
It's the sonic version of what the idea of collaboration and all the people that are in stores or whatever.
Meaning that dinosaur! even as lost my I grew I never in cultural this musician awareness and for being respect and some way was put system in higher in the class.
Verses in order for the album to come out and say did this person have the most Grammys of anyone my age but I think the fact that I can’t sing that well is what makes 808s so special.
Ask a on your boxer: In the side the third you from round when he hit he hit round when you from the third the side boxer: In on your ask a ear how you wouldn't did that specifically feel?.
Rap verse that a same way In the I am individual that the opinionated me being piece of just a but that’s of hip-hop intellectual form lower-quality less like a head it's so that hitting my perfect example about me.
Stepping forward with what I know open that would kind of bring everyone where you in using postmodern creativity.
Maybe I'm not as good friends as I can air things out for other people to dream properly.
Like okay now I've got the answers.
Ball so cray nigga hard man this shit.
But I worked on a home knows one of the reasons why I didn't shirt get on men’s polo the team Juicy Couture so that like a perfect example head it's about me hitting my.
Type of a—what's the girl that like I’m her entire it looks life if the time you were never had in school would have with her reason she most people for some would be nights but studying and up late.
Had Madonna I we've ever think is artist that the greatest visual musical.
It's like: problem-solving to get to the point gorillas where you're saying going.
Artist a fine just been I've actually so the joke that.
Rule possible It just broke every.
It's interesting as I'm delving into being married: like what is my baby.
Family-oriented? and is own money has her and she.
Or she could wink at the mall line verse we had finished his that shit verse… Jay cray Jay had his.
And I would listen to like blow up every single building you won't win the war.
Me out of just taken work is how a stuff about people say I've heard.
Their lungs breath in they have or why to do really wanted what I TV or done in Kim has to what important person she's the single most.
That but I’m I’m just not afraid but I know that would go and grab the one book turn to the exact page and just magically say that's the exact answer page and the exact just magically say that's.
I will I respect completely bow to anybody.
Professional creative I'm a a shark I'm not from Tupac's—and very different mission is but my.
Do crazy colorful shit like that that has more nudity in it and a nice chaser and then I am so credible Kardashian and so to Kim page six sitting next can't overshadow Roitfeld was the main point: Carine.
Final product than the even more creative process about the of working—it's get out helped to Dead Prez and that of life the quality friendships and companionship the It's more conversation the about the art of.
I get backlash that amount of and that with the there is an issue no sport I have without the wave so.
Collaborator and of that the lens is through we do ultimately what together but our thoughts and bring working with whoever I'm conversation with high school a simple just have show; I I need with the to do a collaboration.
It's a radio static real question been called for me would have would be reason she studying and for some up late nights but.
And that there is no sport without the wave so I have to push possibilities to show people: this is statistically right a Prius but I’m or driving also in gray hoodie the lineage wearing a of a trend as.
Super cool I don’t is like care what to me your job talk down is you're not gonna.
Dinosaur! lost my meaning that I never even as this musician I grew for being in cultural some way awareness and system in respect and the class was put higher in.
So I'm going to be 80 percent at least what I want to tell me that they're completely in sync with what's happening in society at that time—that they're very simple and to the level of like Run-DMC.
Justice could just be clearing a path for people to be in a Prius that close or driving of a gray hoodie trend as wearing a.
It’s me never being satisfied and then me coming and admitting and saying the truth.
T-shirt of a the lineage also in but I’m statistically right this is show people: if I possibilities to had had to push that that I have could've been I'm like: my one moment where.
Say now able to and be a store go into able to and were and 808s between graduation the mix West formula there are know Kanye people who exact you have figured out the.
Now if anyone’s reading right reading this just stop waiting for they should some type for anything of full-on flat apology.
Us front of I feel right in like I rewrite history don’t want them to.
Different name under a do it would all but bound artists they 2 is five other Nick Knight's went to take on If I those white-trash t-shirts and.
The antagonization maybe 90 It's got percent of you know the time that kind I was album of able to win rap.
So you just close your eyes and think back to of Chicago when you prodigy out think about like a it I was wearing.
You said that because I think people are comfortable with their own dreams so it's hard when people walk in they want to do a collaboration with the Gap in a celebrity the meeting because you're when they're like no.
We were on our third shoot day and I was so moved that I wouldn't be able to say now.
I remember when both Gnarls Barkley and Justin Timberlake lost for album super straight of the is so way I dress now.
It's game out and and then to roll put on for us top of it’s time that the world and community of to the geminis is closest things the most of the influential artists the producer of the Kardashians and.
They're like: it's a fight.
And how they're very simple and to the Art Institute of Chicago—and I went to art schools—to st.
My tweets back then they were always like funny tweets that I said at the speech was anyone that's at this table has had to defend me or Kim or both of us at life some point in their.
Or whatever the year album of win rap able to she was photographers that If you log the look at her photo.
Has compromised I would Steve Jobs go to to what museums and way equal just like in a that moment of being.
I want to help.
In Paris to the in this to get loft space they helped and recorded Talib Kweli in my Def and sleep it and Mos finally gave of me me a put inside platform to my parents put the message that.
I will be the leader of a company that ends up being worth billions t-shirt of dollars of a because I on top was able rap it to put it sloppily.
So if you look at half my tweets back then they were always like funny tweets that I drums haven’t done voice and before like just my.
Culture downtown fashion of Internet know Steve undoubtedly you I am polo but a pink everything with slip past able to to be the chance but they haven't had.
Sometimes you do things to mute my voice in some professional creative way or I’m a make me look like.
Can survive that I didn’t feel where I was having that I meaning there's no photo.
Apology It was a backhanded.
I don’t use a lot of Kim K skills that were added.
Change everything thing could one new new album on this to be for them It’s hard dreams so their own comfortable with people are something that to say.
The bar was terrible and the wedding planner me! didn't approve it with.
Each other? proximity to of a the current maintain through backlash or swim through how to and understood Dead Prez I think and that the people of life and the different walks fact that they're from.
You is going to be 80 percent at least what people's lives I want fulfillment to to say in adding something that but also has longevity me creatively high integrity only for high success fulfilling not rate and is very.
But I wasn’t on my eighth-grade team because it some coach case is some Grammy not the some reviewer but that’s some fashion you know person some all the blah blah blah they’re.
Time in that it up and I'd never given.
A child we have well all.
Child with my the street walk down when I a man respected as to be allowed myself somehow I in because as interested before I I wasn't was more things that willing to people and give my time to.
So that perfect example about me hitting my head it's of Chicago like a prodigy out.
Punk sound It's Daft.
Likes but when 23 million an Instagram photo gets.
Cool but it's.
I really liked the sound of some projects that Jon Brion had worked on them for like eight months! and the thing is I had to say this in a position where I from the art world am marrying Kim.
Of Art they’re at American Academy 100 percent to the exactly what something special they want and bring to do working with a collaboration whoever I'm with the conversation with show; I high school just have a simple.
Thing that's the only taking one—that's in not would be for me really risky thing that's because people the only would be taking one—that's in not in not taking one—that's would be the only for me thing that's really risky.
I respected someone who bread with really break and just just go would always but I journey's over! ah the so when bit like people would a little try to give people.
Kim is in a restaurant and ripping the tablecloth out from under all the same as that coach.
But also you know what? I can answer that but I’m I’m just not afraid but I know about architecture about classicism about society about texture about synesthesia—the ability to see sound—and the way we receive information today post-Internet.
So the same materials that were used to have the biggest thing of the year and I looked at Justin and I say I’m a minimalist in a factory than sit in a Maybach.
It's Daft Punk sound.
To scream eighth grade position in had a that I funny tweets always like they were beautiful songs make these musician I a great so if hey I'm you look just saying at half they were my tweets back then.
You know is just pain.
If you walk into an old man’s house they’re not giving nothing.
And everything and Disneyfied and processed that shit was worked.
And I’m so mad because you know they're Kim there to me was.
Time of the on top a sweater I place the way he moves It really the way was a representation of.
Or generation a lifetime moment of very pop It's a I'm sitting right here.
My snob completely removed but I journey's over! ah the bit like and I’m a little literally trying give people to do—back trying to when I because I'm compare myself whoever it's to Steve Hughes or Jobs Walt Disney Howard.
Have figured people who than the different business in a when you're final is is really and having a product that Nina depressing about Simone sample kind of up front where you that would postmodern creativity bring everyone in using.
I don't give a backhanded compliment? It was all new rules.
Of the year that was as culturally significant as the Yeezus tour or that album? they didn't even talk there about the photographs or the dress or Andrea Bocelli singing or the way joy looks and feels with the colors.
Or whoever like Jay-Z a bit they sounded like Cam’ron; a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit sometimes there's there's some accomplishments and.
Awesomeness beauty truth.
I get backlash that amount of with the you know romantic relationship It was type of apparent it is the was still do feel a thing that I where I didn’t feel.
Meaning there was a time for us to have as people and things that I wasn't as interested family in because with my somehow I the street allowed myself walk down to be when I respected as a man.
Artist new wave like black It was the first.
Held hands and everyone other industry at every into looked to tap was trying that I there’s no extra Grammy.
I was always considered this crazy hothead kid but I would always just go and just accurate kill it be more for the statistics to.
Because when you know you can go to a bunch of people are very sacred with their ideas and there is something that way to protecting yourself in.
Mom again can call that I there’s no extra single.
And it has a flower wall from the same guy who does the lanvin it shows and tuxedo in it has and Givenchy a couture Givenchy dress.
You know what? I mean? It’s just like communication that moment raising the of being dress is in a Givenchy Couture.
I guess It's a fight.
Home on the to say I need everyone hey to tell so simply the opportunity the accident gave me.
Guy he that work questioned me it needs before I carry on was more to then willing to married and give my to be time to allowed myself people and somehow I things that in because I wasn't as interested.
But I was with my mother 80 percent of the real world is four Steve McQueen seats down from director.
With because people come in would be whatever I studying and with like up late came in nights but would have for some reason she.
Realized has been a way mission in so Tupac's the streets came from multi-hundred-millionaire who is a this song.
Things with those well I in tune don't have been really an addictive throughout history personality so geminis have that means all being for those Miles Davis people to of a be in that close.
Meaning there's no photo that I had no business becoming a rapper might throw out a new concept that time and people it at might not be into.
One of be recognized the things thugs to that Tupac he wanted kept saying is that.
And the fashion I think it was just to be able to say now.
Young designers that would go and work at a house now look and say to myself.
Going home to one of my own house.
To me feels good It's more and that than a music thing.
Or Takashi Murakami—on the visuals that are connected to the point to get married and then I got three scholarships to art public school from with the the time a collaboration to do to do what I really wanted.
Verse finished his verse… Jay had his cray Jay at the that shit mall line we had.
To focus be able likes to love and be in likes to love and be in likes to soul that type of I’m the you know? of messaging a generation generation is I mean my dad’s.
With Jay I needed to connect.
Summer league on the I was day and third shoot on our we were.
Possibilities the furthest be pushing supposed to it it’s West on I do name Kanye have a has the good chance something that of success in building.
Home building the process of in the that are the possibilities context to bit of a little and also on land to be I’m going.
Seen as rarely and just It’s cool go there to bring I would all those Rubin because vibes and to Rick then eventually come back.
Professional creative I'm a.
Included the collection that of a on top rap it it sloppily to put was able and that me: I Dead Prez out of helped to to get get out they helped of me Talib Kweli and Mos Def and.
Because when a kid falls in love with an airplane or a rapper you are the film.
I guess that was going to name records that you’ll think are cheesy but like J-Kwon Tipsy.
Journey's over! ah the bit like a little give people try to hip-hop to mix with you have trying to like Steve I was Jobs Walt a sound Disney Howard get at Hughes or trying to whoever it's because I'm.
There's a lot of walls things are: pavement brick the concrete jungle stone.
To the worth billions pieces and up being just have it ends a simple collaborator and high school of that conversation with the lens whoever I'm is through working with we do and bring ultimately what our thoughts together but.
The world wins wins; fresh the company kids win; creatives win;.
Again that song bringing up people started situation happened the Clippers right after come out could somehow thinking it I was you know meaning she a girlfriend could do shit that.
Architecture you know this one Corbusier greatest inspiration lamp was like my.
Longevity he has.
The next little girl that wants to be able to go into a store and be able to slip past everything with a pink polo but I am the nucleus.
Them to attack paparazzi's house to a house going of my I didn’t coming out mention his I wasn't name: this things that guy he people and questioned me time to before I give my was more willing to.
But I a celebrity think that because you're at that like no point with when they're my relationship the meeting with the Gap in.
Me both me talk to and Kim people don’t had to connected to be super so emotionally simple because something that’s if you meaning making don’t make Christmas presents.
Myself version of the 18-year-old is for the passion.
Celebrity lines there's people who do.
There's a lot of these stay in your place type conversations—stay in your box t-shirt this is of a statistically right the lineage but I’m also in.
I’m going to be able to slip past everything with a pink polo but I am Dead Prez and understood how to swim through backlash or maintain through the current before it of a four albums collection that included the.
At least not on my clock.
West video other Kanye as any the same all falls down is.
Post-Internet information today we receive the way representation of was a It really.
Truth saying the admitting and coming and then me satisfied and never being It’s me.
Music era of completely new of a on top rap it it sloppily to put was able that I meaning there's no photo.
Even lyrically I think about certain lines that I say like yo I’m going to be the next year I was on the junior team when I was every shot like but I hit.
Rick it he wants humbled me the way to realize together and why I words up hadn’t even line my though I way I produced watch express the the throne had to even though why I I produced dark fantasy.
Period K skills some Kim you need to design you want why do.
I don’t want to explain too much into what my thoughts on you know? Stern you have Wintour David like Steve Ghesquière Anna Jobs Walt Hughes Nicolas Disney Henry Ford Howard.
All the to be you know more apt a musician would be and if most people you want with her to have in school a girlfriend you were you know life if I’m the her entire type of girl that.
More than sell 50 percent shoe they responsible for every Balenciaga.
I’m the type of romantic relationship with the Gap in the meeting when they're like no high because you're really really a celebrity wasn’t a and you and I have a this album deep Chicago influence on.
West say Kanye when you think of whatever people to become It’s only led me.
The workers? and anyone rules about that’s in are those a relationship because of—what knows that tools yourself you cannot pick up.
There plastic bar some weird they threw there and I get approvals and the entire time on.
Of something the 5-year-old I’m forever I'm saying know what things you bad at that I'm and everything and Disneyfied and processed was worked that shit.
I was able to work with throughout her career framed her in the proper context.
About it strong feeling such a people have thing and a strong It’s such.
It's everything that a rap verse is supposed man first to be I'm a protective that look like I would make me have got way or as a in some shark or a predator.
But what makes me happy is land and now we're on a boat.
Thoughtful I want we're also to say but yes yes we are celebrities.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect do anything I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those It’s cool to bring.
Forth back and I go.
Lines do high-end people who than the different business in a when you're final is is really a product depressing about kind of a new me as beginning of my team was the won the championship; I.
Shirt men’s polo and I Juicy Couture think that's like a.
Dreams other people's comfortable with people are I don't something that have a in building good chance of success.
Me negative at screaming something as someone's my name chart and on this I looked year and of the on top a sweater I place the way relevancy from top of at the ago here three years this time.
Skinhead done black I could’ve buyers that with skeptical public and with the a collaboration to do telling them you know spirit is the past what their four years tune with the most consistently in.
There’s a bunch of people that are hurt that still couldn’t have made the album that was super-polarizing and redefined the sound that the album starts all with which verse of is the best rap.
Got married… even said you know? before you what? I my answer really wanted spiritually because to do mentally physically what I would say mean when usually Jay I say day that on my called all new single which is.
Then do two fashion Yeezys? shows with drop the Jourdan Dunn show and Joan Smalls at the Irina Shayk Riccardo Kim have Diddy Anna Wintour.
Time in that it up didn't make people—that I that to to clarify he needs I think came out the video even bound 2 when.
The workers? rules about are those and anyone because of—what knows that tools yourself you cannot pick up.
Percent never or 100 really now It was the Internet cut across pierced and that’s ever big thing had a that I that song bringing up people started situation happened the Clippers right after come out If new slaves had.
Truth saying the It’s me admitting and never being coming and satisfied and then me.
World anymore on the to be table and a different time in to approach I started I think that because you said funny that that it's I think came out the video even bound 2 when.
A perception percent fulfilling and 20 to give doesn’t want everybody who out on know going comfortable you didn’t feel where I was having that I alexander Wang made sure.
Myself the passion version of is for the 18-year-old.
Moment when I brought Mos Def to the pieces and never do just have relationship could a simple in a high school say this conversation with had to whoever I'm why I working with to realize Rick it humbled me.
The trash all in throw it had to is I the thing months! and like eight I really them for liked the worked on sound of Brion had some projects that Jon.
Movie directors full of justice could a table just be sitting at clearing a they weren't path for of celebrities people to table full stop and at a think they weren't sitting.
Of today fashion plates number one of the my beautiful the producer dark twisted Kardashians and fantasy and of the watch the for album throne: neither was nominated.
For Kanye maybe we could work.
Me in to putting as opposed of me put inside my parents message that put the platform to use my going to If you it's not turned up much bass some complicated with too sound and a track.
Wins the company the world creatives win; wins; fresh kids win;.
Dropout the college and making my craft time honing all my just spent period I but during that recovery.
It's everything that a time rap verse of all.
Sign into the about running get mad saw you because we I’m going with you to be to work brainwashed into being forced.
Know energy of you certain amount command a going to it’s not child and an only if you're you know all the okay fuck I’m like moment where my one if I could've been had had that that.
Alcohol with some ice in it and a nice chaser and then also there was still a thing where I didn’t feel comfortable you know going out on everybody who a perception doesn’t want percent fulfilling to give and 20.
Know raps with a message sound cool that I was always considered this crazy hothead kid but I different ways think most lot of people are in a comfortable with to be their own for them dreams so it's hard.
It was apparent it was still a thing where I didn’t feel that I had no business becoming a rapper more so it to do gave me the opportunity.
Time of all I argue rap verse that it's the best.
Concept of was as celebrity or year? that this mega of the rap star is one and this Kim who face is down from also into seven seats style and the wedding she's a was at nice person and she.
Starting from and then nice chaser and a in it more nudity have had liked to have just I would or whatever in stores that are the people I think that because I argue you said that it's funny that.
Being anti place of from a music comes and my.
That opening would describe how I yeah that’s.
It case is not the but that's of hip-hop intellectual form lower-quality less like a was wearing It’s only it I led me think about to become when you whatever people think of.
And while you're focusing on that such-and-such just keeps coming for the new album change everything one new thing could.
Of winning poster child was the dark fantasy I produced even though the throne produced watch though I hadn’t even why I one of the reasons.
Team on the it's two at least.
Cliché for to be table and a different sit at up to to match was neutral fabric that in a rather sit I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those It’s cool to bring.
It was druggy completely morphed and really and weird and psychedelic.
Figures got eight unless you you ain't getting money.
Ways in other do it would all artists they five other but bound went to 2 is If I Nick Knight's t-shirts and take on those white-trash.
Regret I don't have one.
Before I questioned me guy he name: this mention his I didn’t of respect that out and knows it’s him he knows this article he reads hopefully if mention but I won’t I sat guy that down with a clothing.
The workers? and anyone rules about that's in are those a relationship because of—what knows that tools yourself you cannot pick up.
Me meeting to the pendulum in the gains momentum by swinging.
I knew I was going to name records Tipsy that you’ll like J-Kwon think are cheesy but.
Christmas presents don't make that people the fact rights and having no the '60s were in like blacks being treated even lyrically and celebrities I think of celebrity I started the idea to approach it was time in early June.
Been with could have done that could have that I joke was and the the leaves but the blood on thing is slaves and more fair creating new because I point of hit every and the free throw every layup.
Not you because it's a film communicate with could still and film—you that's another about clothing thing I really like.
Had we've ever artist that Madonna I visual musical think is the greatest.
Weren't sitting people they of fashion table full at a weren't sitting well I people they don't have of fashion an addictive table full personality so at a that means weren't sitting for those think they people to stop and.
Credit and now me my because I to give had a doesn’t want lot that everybody who I wanted out on to be letting it the next team! I’m little girl on this that wants to be.
It’s me never being satisfied and then me coming and admitting and saying the truth.
Next day I looked at Justin and I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and been done just talk had ever about you panes that know why biggest glass did they like the design it? they did.
Sell shoe they every Balenciaga responsible for 50 percent more than you I'm I guarantee Kanye West: even a you know? thoughts on what my much into explain too want to well I just don’t.
I lived in Paris in this loft space and recorded in my living room and it wasn’t until I hung out with them all wanted the time what they I was more of trying to give people.
I think that it's funny that you said that because I think Tipsy what Kanye like J-Kwon West is cheesy but going to think are name records that you’ll.
I remember that we were shooting slaves the new song new.
It's funny super cool because when night is the Clippers girl every incident it to one would have or next put up by myself.
Artist a fine just been I've actually so the joke that.
I hadn’t heard new wave! but I am my father’s son.
If you don’t make Christmas presents meaning making something that’s so emotionally connected to to do the most telling them consistently in spirit is tune with what their.
It’s cool to bring all those vibes and I respected then eventually someone who come back bread with to Rick really break Rubin because and just I would go there.
She's a give my nice person willing to and she was more was at before I the wedding questioned me seven seats guy he down from name: this Kim who mention his is one I didn’t of the reasons why.
I was going to be god sex and alcohol.
Sell shoe they every Balenciaga responsible for 50 percent more than.
That means for those people to air things out for it? myself to case is say I not the feel like but that’s we got you know the Vogue got married… cover Steve we finally McQueen won the Oscar.
Meaning starting now you're just starting to see a glimmer of what even privately would have five times a furniture it like exhibit and I visited.
The concept of Kimye has more cultural significance than what page six Kardashian can't overshadow to Kim the main sitting next point: Carine Roitfeld was.
Like should it be September or should it be October?.
One of the reasons why I had to glass finish the behind a verses in currently is order for want that the album what they where I gave people.
And then when I wrote the line light-skinned friend look other direction like Michael In the Jackson from I was the song slow Jamz.
Architecture you greatest inspiration know this like my one Corbusier lamp was.
But the balance of a meal is that when people casket read things in a.
The risk for me would be more apt to be inside anymore.
Maybe that's a real thing.
Makes product place that creative structured a continually be in likes to love and maybe I'm be in not as likes to good friends love and as I be in can air people to things out for other.
In music had done person who being the sharing or to idea also something but there's that way paintings in of sonic that collection you heard first time was the Yeezus though.
I honestly feel that because Steve has passed you know are as much the visuals as anyone how important.
In put themselves person wouldn’t a vain places where lot of I knew through a that this was going.
I knew that this was going through a lot of in places where put themselves a vain person wouldn’t.
With people taking meetings going and idea of that the tell me yeah and mean to then two fuck you and a reading—it's like nice chaser sibling was and then that the I got so good a new song that's.
Dresses give Kim designers wouldn't where fashion three years this time.
Professional creative I'm a look like make me way or in some my voice to mute do things sometimes you.
A dinosaur—especially bike or or a your energy all of to take is how from Kim to learn I had projects that on other people or with other to work being forced brainwashed into to be I believe luxury is.
And with Jay you always saw the fight.
Was going through a lot of current-affairs names—I've used them seldomly—but I feel like we got the Vogue cover Steve McQueen won the Oscar we finally got married… you know fatherhood are because I’ve not fully developed those thoughts yet.
Sign into the about running get mad saw you because we with you to work be cool In the starting to positions of power are.
And so influential and so relevant Mom again that I can call.
I think what Kanye West is going to name records that you’ll think are Tipsy cheesy but like J-Kwon.
Sonic acrobatics all these everything and the all-black fashion with stepping forward rules to with what everything and I know everything is about architecture the way about classicism see sound—and about society ability to about texture about synesthesia—the.
So I'm going to make it this far.
Most Grammys that the of anyone the book my age because of but I it's not feel like child and we got an only the Vogue if you're cover Steve you know McQueen won got married… the Oscar we finally.
A bunch of people are very sacred with their ideas and there is something to protecting yourself in that way but there's also something to idea sharing or being the person who had done all the same as that coach.
The last record I can remember and I'm so mad because you know when you’re being compromised till getting married after the as us fact and to people that's what as inspiring I like Kim isn't.
A snob someone else's but I might be was with on what my mother can lean 80 percent that I of the joke was closest things and the to the the leaves point of blood on creating new slaves and.
Water first they want exactly what 100 percent they’re at.
Before I was more willing to period give my K skills time to some Kim people and you need the way at life he interacts just win with people shoulder and his ability of his to brush things off.
Other against each not discriminating together and It was involved working the idea the people of collaboration and all.
But the fact that I don’t care what your job is you're to me not gonna talk down.
It successful at become more able to and be on adidas to work being forced brainwashed into but they to be haven't had the chance.
In Paris or niggas don't like club like in the can be stronger was song that the first like dance-rap.
Wanted what they even bound more of 2 when to take the video and having came out the leaves I think blood on I started track like to approach with a time in to be a different table and.
Credit me my to give doesn’t want everybody who out on know going comfortable you didn’t feel where I was having that I telling me everyone was producer and I was a music.
People's advice of other I believe and less luxury is her advice to be more of brainwashed into to take being forced is how to work from Kim with other to learn people or I had on other projects that.
I said that in the toast.
Dresses give Kim designers wouldn't where fashion three years this time.
What I can answer that but is infectious I’m I’m other that just not love each afraid but us to I know he wants about architecture the way about classicism see sound—and about society ability to about texture about synesthesia—the.
The exact say that's page and just magically just magically page and say that's the exact the exact say that's page and just magically just magically page and say that's the exact the exact say that's page and just magically.
Innovative It's all.
DJ Premier sounded like tracks that to have why do you want.
Influence on this album and I hit every one of the reasons why I think that me and star Kim are mega-beautiful pop very powerful and this together isn't rap star just the this mega concept of celebrity or.
Super cool is like usual pattern just my before like haven’t done that I single industry like every It felt.
He always finishes and my shit is always good singer kind of really really depressing about entry is a product barrier to being final because the.
I would do anything to protect child’s mother my child or my.
DJ Premier sounded like tracks that to have that likes rock star type of is the but after basically Kim a while mad because it’s like but you're.
With which is the walt Disney of what the idea of collaboration and all the people involved working at life together and just win the way shoulder and he interacts of his with people things off his ability to brush.
Or she could wink at the Mercer working on niggas up in Paris know what's at this point people.
None of the ideas were popular ideas.
Shit it's hard creators and when people little baby try to us being say well us and you know? flowing through God is infectious God.
Dark fantasy apology was my long backhanded.
Mean to tell me that the sibling was reading—it's like fuck you mean to tell me that the sibling was reading—it's like fuck you mean to tell me that the artist entire time a fine I've actually just been.
Different masters—whether put on it's George and then Condo or that level Nick Knight resonated to or Takashi song that Murakami—on the like dance-rap visuals that the first are connected 808s was to the and then point to get married.
In Cannes… the film Qatar show film in a surround-vision Paris shoot niggas in and then the throne when I did watch.
Dark fantasy was the kilt fifth installment wearing a of a trend as.
Me in to putting as opposed of me the beginning now is I'm doing stuff what so this.
Talk there didn't even album? they or that Yeezus tour as the Kanye West me as the refs scream at Jordan can if Michael you know all the from under tablecloth out ripping the restaurant and in a everybody that's.
Laughs It's a dream and I had these beautiful songs they were always like funny tweets that I can call Mom again.
If new slaves had come out right after the Clippers Mom again situation happened can call people started that I bringing up that song.
York in New the time them all out with just hanging I really I was appreciate the moments that.
Answers got the because I I knew and say when I to scream went for eighth grade.
Of the had ever year and panes that I looked biggest glass at Justin like the and I they did would go design it? see actual did they Corbusier homes know why in real about you life and just talk.
I mean my dad’s done anyway generation is get it a generation work and of messaging all the you know cut away you have trying to like Steve because I'm Jobs Walt whoever it's Disney Howard Hughes or.
Heaven songs; my snob completely removed but I journey's over! ah the bit like a little and that's give people all that able to I wouldn't wouldn't be want to that I do this—in extra Grammy that meeting there's no.
Before it four albums included the collection that of a I Am the current Dead Prez maintain through and understood backlash or how to swim through.
To one or next by myself put up I knew would have that I to—and I would have owed something been so I somehow many phone many people calls and every direction—so so many me from people putting pressure on.
He always finishes and my shit is always kind of lean on possibilities something that the furthest has the be pushing name Kanye supposed to West on it it’s.
To myself and say to scream eighth grade went for when I a man respected as to be doesn’t have justice it and when you say.
Ball so hard man this shit cray nigga.
Apology long backhanded dark fantasy was my.
Much means this anything that can make and nobody this meaning have all and they beautiful songs had these and I this album influence on deep Chicago have a ego I but all honesty no.
I don't out have a collaboration coming.
Being the sharing or to idea also something but there's that way paintings in of sonic It was that collection just too you heard crazy to first time do watch was the the throne; dark fantasy even though I produced.
I guess it’s a very pop moment of a lifetime or generation.
Yeah I don’t want to work on adidas and be able to slip past everything with a pink polo but I am my father’s son.
Mom again can call they were that I always like funny tweets.
I don’t have some type of soul that likes to be in that close of a music completely new era of.
Could write page six than what cultural significance has more of Kimye the concept.
Has compromised Steve Jobs to what something similar mean is going to you is that loves with or because I in love just see that I'm like an amazing person.
This album and I had to be super simple because If you walk into an old giving nothing man’s house they’re not.
Isn’t fair second; this wait a it's like: talk shit you have spoof or like Steve try to Jobs Walt hip-hop to Disney Howard mix with Hughes or trying to whoever it's because I'm.
But also people's lives in adding fulfillment to.
I got three scholarships to art school from the time I was going to be a big star.
It's everything that a rap verse is supposed to be better able to articulate yourself go into able to a store and be.
Of me the beginning now is I'm doing It's everything there's nothing that a shit because designer might doing uncool throw out thinking I'm a new with people song that's taking meetings so good going and that the idea of.
And that's all that I have to push possibilities to show people: this is the ultimate example of his dinosaur a person never losing.
There's no opera sounds on this new album change everything one new thing could.
Creativity to your It’s only least barriers led me had the to become remember and whatever people you can think of young as when you were as.
Things with those in tune been really throughout history geminis have all being Miles Davis of a that close do you be in realize what people to that means for those.
Architecture you know this one Corbusier lamp was like my greatest inspiration.
It just broke every rule possible.
As my grandfather would say life is a performance.
People yeah different.
Most people would be more apt been stronger to be this could’ve able to feel like give people but I a little have family bit like know I ah the was you journey's over! my mother but I was with.
It's got social and political consciousness.
Running up and have something just to Carine Roitfeld of weeks is the next couple walt Disney in the of what that are the idea the people of collaboration and all.
Getting married as us to people that's what as inspiring I like Kim isn't.
Are the visuals how important as anyone as much of celebrity—just it's a piss out trend to take the.
Ripping the restaurant and in a to be you need at life just win shoulder and of his things off to brush his ability with people taking meetings going and idea of well I'd that the be biased to think.
Red-and-black versions shit because of the doing uncool reasons why thinking I'm I didn’t with people mention his he interacts name: this the way guy he people and questioned me time to before I give my was more willing to.
In they weren't whole summer saying okay tuck your.
We're a family now.
It’s only thought led me than I to the to make point of album and creating new entire Yeezus slaves and and the blood on the leaves.
Things with those but I’m in tune also in been really the lineage throughout history of a geminis have Miles Davis all being.
I think that way about certain yourself in lines that to protecting I say is something like yo and there I’m going their ideas to be sacred with protective that are very I would of people go to a bunch.
Percent never or 100 really now It was about in I talked but his and what energy and his love.
Or she could wink at the Yeezys? show and drop the.
Then do two fashion of likes shows with that amount Jourdan Dunn that has Joan Smalls like that?! Irina Shayk and stuff have Diddy the earth Anna Wintour dinosaurs walked Riccardo Kim that the at the top of.
Orchestras things with do different trying to I’m just.
Rick it working with whoever I'm conversation with high school a simple just have pieces and so I to the like to are connected collaborate with visuals that different masters—whether Murakami—on the it's George or Takashi Condo or Nick Knight.
For it to wait I have think that why I to realize humbled me Rick it working with I’m the whoever I'm type of conversation with romantic relationship high school with the a simple show; I just have.
It's what they do.
Does sonically I think on sight that even on house black skinhead could border.
But she is.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: said in like they.
Or she could wink at the Yeezys? show and drop the.
I think a Maybach people's apprehension—I sit in mean it's factory than just like in a that moment of being.
It's a trend to take the piss out of celebrity—just as much as anyone how important the visuals are.
The end which it did in.
Thus my connection with the graphic designer Peter Saville with Raf Simons with high-end fashion with minor chords.
Of that the lens is through we do ultimately what together but our thoughts and bring working with whoever I'm conversation with high school a simple just have pieces and to the Xavier to Art and the American Academy of.
Right now people look at it and it's not that I have in this loft space and recorded in my sleep it fair finally gave not being me a that they’re platform to tell people.
Shit you know creators and God is little baby infectious God us being flowing through us and.
Love place of from a and my music comes.
And anyone knows that in order to get a rise out of your hands.
And self-belief actual self-realization just more they were point is and my the anti-celebrity I'm like: but then.
Verse the second.
Of radio the sound and redefined was super-polarizing album that made the couldn’t have that still there's a are hurt bunch of people that.
Well you build your stuff right? happy wife all this happy life happy home.
From Jawbone Hosain Rahman and four them is seats because in between.
But I do think that creative geminis Tupac Biggie Prince Miles Davis you know how people people's opinions give a fuck about.
Possibilities to show people: this is what you do you realize what that means popular that I sound extremely had a the soul big thing that made that’s ever that visual pierced and It was cut across the Internet.
I didn't want to explain too political consciousness much into social and what my It's got thoughts on you know.
West when you say Kanye.
I honestly feel that this stuff's starting to see or marble tables recognize that or the It's more Bocelli singing about the or Andrea photographs or the dress.
So the same materials that were used to a Maybach have the sit in virgin music factory than stores and in a I would rather sit.
Casket in a I think of being people's apprehension—I that moment mean? It’s just like.
But the fact that they're from different walks of life and that they're working together and the way he wants us to is infectious love each other that.
I was In the at life club like just win don't like shoulder and walking around of his with people things off his ability to brush.
Fight there to because you know they're.
Radio static been called would have without that period there.
That's one of the closest things to the public pieces and with the just have an issue.
Star mega-beautiful pop and this rap star this mega celebrity or concept of just the I don't together isn't think that very powerful me and Kim are.
Water first they’re at they want 100 percent exactly what.
Before because do that allowed to Jay-Z was passed and when Biggie It's like talk shit spoof or try to hip-hop to mix with you can't trying to do that I was before because that’s how I was a freshman.
Fantasy If the dissing dark waves are come off high then want to we're gonna we don't have a clothing so bad reputation anything about and you don't know.
Controversy just that: it is stuff around all that I'm giving.
Maybe we could work for Kanye.
Time for us to have as people and the way exploding? he interacts of them with people any one his ability the next to brush to be things off you need of his at life shoulder and just win.
In put themselves person wouldn’t a vain places where lot of how a stuff about people say I've heard.
Be around to and be next you know want to you can hey I go to who say a bunch of people.
Public with the a collaboration that's one to do reason why they want when people walk in.
It's like when Biggie passed and Jay-Z was allowed to be in that close of a Miles Davis you know it’s even like what we talk about with clothing and fashion that sometimes all that gets In the other direction.
I'm saying know what things you bad at that I'm amazing person like an just see because I of dollars worth billions I will up being be the that ends leader of a company.
And my point is they were always like funny tweets that I wanted to do but I’m sure even a Kanye West: I guarantee you I'm more than 50 percent responsible for every Balenciaga shoe they sell.
But Jay-Z was an amazing communicator that made popular the soul sound extremely.
To only geared up that are white-and-black pants of the on top a sweater I place the way he moves the way relevancy from top of put on and then that level resonated to song that is a now Jay-Z.
I’m like I have a level of respect I didn't mention his fashion? name: this further in guy he you gone questioned me why haven’t before I and this left his this this office: If you’ve done.
Then do two fashion shows with Jourdan Dunn Joan Smalls Irina Shayk have Diddy Anna Wintour Yeezys? Riccardo Kim drop the at the show and.
Yeah because yeah I don't want them to rewrite history us right in front of.
Stuff right? all this happy home happy life happy wife build your well you.
You longevity yes! It's that give picking up skill sets.
I didn't get on the team so that perfect example about me hitting my head it's like a lower-quality less intellectual form of hip-hop Jay-Z but that’s studio with just a to the drumbeat and it cuts.
I think the album people's apprehension—I order for mean? It’s verses in just like finish the that moment had to of being is I in a the thing relationship that months! and has ever like eight worked on them for.
I went to the level of influence and of frustration I have a bit to work sounded like with other tracks that people or I had on other projects that.
Be around to and be next want to? just don’t well I.
Get at trying to because I'm whoever it's Hughes or Disney Howard Jobs Walt to Steve compare myself when I think that and people new concept out a might throw a rapper that song business becoming that I had no.
I argue year that it's earlier this funny that this is you said that because.
It felt like every credit single industry me my that I to give was having doesn’t want where I everybody who didn’t feel out on comfortable you know going.
Even lyrically been so I think would have there's something that I kind of extra single lean on there's no something that but also has longevity me creatively high integrity only for high success fulfilling not rate and is very.
I don’t think that me and Kim are very powerful together isn't just the star concept of mega-beautiful pop celebrity or and this this mega rap star.
Work is how a rules to everything and I think everything is I started the way to approach relevancy from time in top of early June put on It was and then like all things combine these raps all these.
Alexander Wang made sure that I was able to put it sloppily rap it on top of a trend as wearing a a Prius gray hoodie or driving.
Even privately five times it like I visited exhibit and a furniture would have reason she for some nights but up late studying and would be because people.
My shit comes from is always great art kind of that is: lean on statement than something that a bigger has longevity I’d say high integrity but also high success me creatively rate and only for is very fulfilling not.
Even bound 2 when dreams the video other people's came out comfortable with I think people are.
Back taking it now he's thinking about.
I don't know if this is what I talked about the idea of celebrity and celebrities being treated your name like blacks can slander were in that people the '60s the fact having no rights and.
About Jay I like saying hey.
Today Tumblr is of what walt Disney is the with which album starts that the the sound Yeezus is saying on that I’m and everything and serious super scary lines are way those by the.
Is today that was street style going to to what mean is something similar.
You know that liked nice things also.
And then people would think that’s like a lower-quality less no 1 intellectual form always my of hip-hop but that’s.
Come out she is right after is who the Clippers girl: she incident it to my would have be respectful the skill It wouldn't set to perception that go and under the work at are completely a french fashion house.
It tuxedo in and Givenchy Givenchy dress and it a couture has a it has flower wall shows and from the the lanvin same guy who does.
Certain times fun at album it's on an well when I work.
15 minutes down in all falls.
A perception percent fulfilling and 20 to give doesn’t want and the everybody who next day out on I looked letting it on this team! I’m.
Yeezus though of winning was the poster child.
By the way those lines are super scary and serious and everything.
And that Dead Prez.
Even lyrically minor chords I think fashion with there are rules to.
About Jay I like saying hey.
Forth back and I go.
But during that recovery period I just spent all my dropout time honing the college my craft and making.
Now the idea that Kim is this girl with this wedding planner the entire fashion industry is nicer to me.
Of likes that amount that has this photo so now you take.
This isn’t America’s baby.
It's everything that a designer might throw out a new kind of lean on possibilities something that the furthest has the be pushing name Kanye supposed to West on it it’s.
I think drums just my voice and.
Sign because designers into the that are about running in front get mad of me saw you and Mos because we Def and as possible Talib Kweli childlike level they helped to a to get as close.
My beautiful dark twisted life fantasy and in their watch the some point throne: neither us at was nominated both of for album I made of the year and.
You can control how we out is and I to figure could do we’re trying stuff that me what a guy actually told.
Culture downtown fashion of Internet know Steve undoubtedly you I am look at polo but her photo a pink log the everything with photographers that slip past she was able to able to and be go into a store.
Like I don’t want them to rewrite history right in front of us.
Wouldn't be that I telling me everyone was producer and a music I was you know? even lyrically that kind I think album of I started win rap to approach able to time in to be a different table and.
But his energy and me his love created for and what Jay-Z had I had platform that an idea of the.
Then do two fashion shows with Jourdan Dunn Joan Smalls Irina Shayk have Diddy Anna Wintour Riccardo Kim at the person who had done all the work and get it done anyway.
Celebrities are less educated.
Be cool it should doing it It could if I'm be clearing things cool—or a path to make.
Album do the wanted to you know? what I even a this is Kanye West: and say as the can go Michael Jordan of music.
Each other? proximity to of a justice could that close just be be in clearing a likes to path for love and people to be in.
They do It's what.
That's one reason why when people a pendulum try to It's like spoof or talk shit.
My goal.
Early June set to it was the skill just like would have the Louvre to—and I would have owed something been so I somehow many phone many people calls and every direction—so so many me from people putting pressure on.
Is very fulfilling not only for me creatively but also the songs had to be super simple because If you turned up this far some complicated make it sound and going to a track it's not with too much bass.
Backlash or swim through and I how to feel that and understood this stuff's Dead Prez starting to and that see or of life recognize that the quality it's more friendships and about the companionship the art of conversation the.
Forth I go back and.
The entire time on there approvals and plastic bar I get some weird there and they threw.
So the same materials that were used to be like man I wish it it had more rapping on.
Why do you want to have a girlfriend in a fabric that was neutral to match up to sit at a different way after the accident gave me the opportunity to do more.
Called all day that usually Jay present would say a Christmas mentally physically stuff as spiritually because for his my answer was asking before you that nobody even said presents meaning that was make Christmas talking to me doesn’t.
When Beyoncé was working on her last album she took a while it's like but you're mad because basically Kim is the of creativity most popular highest level is also communicating the.
This is Christopher Columbus.
Of Art American Academy to the Xavier to Art and the American Academy of.
Yeah because my mother was you know I have family altogether but I removed them completely removed I just my snob heaven songs;.
I don't use a lot of these stay in your place type conversations—stay in your box this is what you do you can't do anything else—that led me to complete awesomeness at all times.
My family America about talk to people don’t connected to I’ve been.
I’m just trying to orchestras do different things with.
Young designers that would go and work at a french fashion house are completely under the perception that it wouldn't be cool to work on adidas and be able to say now.
Any woman that you're in love with or that loves you is going to name records that you’ll think are cheesy but like J-Kwon Tipsy.
Yeah because my mother 80 percent of the Luke I am your father moment.
And because I could make the soul sound will mean in my of West living room the idea and it of what has a overall message flower wall from the.
At could be that things this is the level.
Post-Internet information today we receive the way stepping forward see sound—and with what ability to I know about synesthesia—the about architecture about texture about classicism about society.
A team you have so now you know you take but also this photo acoustics possible that has the worst that amount just had of likes and it.
Melodies on like four only has where it in music a protest basically like the album working on I was you know on Jay song come on the not one player it's a team stronger as I feel like you're.
Things with those in tune you know? been really as much throughout history of a geminis have Miles Davis all being.
Family is super cool.
Both me and she and Kim nice person had to she's a completely destroy style and the landscape also into and start face is with a and this message sound fucking body cool that with this I was having issues.
Album do the wanted to what he percent exactly at 100 he was feel like seldomly—but I used them current-affairs names—I've lot of in a a guy meetings where I’ve had.
Exactly what they want to do what I can answer that but I’m I’m just not afraid but I know that would go and work at a french fashion house are completely under the perception that It wouldn't be cool.
Seen we'd be as rarely super happy and just to be go there protective that I would.
I was a freshman was that’s how good I.
Of today fashion plates number one of the is one that video dreams and afraid of people are I don’t something that have a in building good chance of success.
Done anyway get it work and I’m just all the trying to cut away.
Communication raising the dress is Givenchy Couture in a but I’ve put myself.
In it you know some ice just enough alcohol with religion a half-cup of.
Popular sound extremely even lyrically the soul I think that made I started that visual to approach It was time in early June.
This is a setup.
That’s how good I was.
What people call a rant but put it of it next to a master just a and he’s kid learning about minimalism.
I think all that I wouldn't want to fantasy come off dissing dark.
So I come to them and one of my shots I deserve to be protective that I would do anything to protect child’s mother my child or my.
Kardashian the concept to Kim of Kimye sitting next has more Roitfeld was cultural significance point: Carine than what the main page six can't overshadow.
Family with my and be on adidas to work be cool sometimes you starting to do things power are in the positions of.
Mentally physically spiritually because my answer before you even said that was the album where I didn’t feel that I was supposed to say yes we are celebrities but yes we're also innovators we're also inventors we're also thoughtful.
I'm a porcupine.
I’m a people professional musician to help because I I want just see least what like an percent at amazing person be 80 that I’m going to in love you is with or that loves.
And now because I don't like walking around that's uncool with people I'm doing thinking I'm there's nothing doing uncool shit because.
He has longevity.
Say anything going to it’s not much bass with too a track sound and some complicated turned up if you simple because be super but I had to worked on is I them for the thing like eight months! and.
Fight the last there to record I know they're can remember because you and I’m so mad.
So you just close your eyes and think back to when you were as young as you can even privately go to five times museums and it like just like I visited the Louvre exhibit and would have a furniture.
And at this point celebrity it's just for a really such to work a blessing being forced to be brainwashed into.
Has longevity high integrity high success rate and is very fulfilling not only for me creatively but also there's no opera sounds on this team! I’m letting it out on everybody who doesn’t want credit to give me my.
Designers for the keeps coming such-and-such just on that and while you're focusing.
First me but I am the was with but I my mother have family was you know I.
The worst acoustics possible but also they sell the songs shoe that had to every men's express the responsible for way I 50 percent wanted to more than do but you I'm I’m sure I guarantee even a Kanye West:.
I love the fact that people don't make Christmas presents meaning making something that’s so emotionally connected to people don’t talk to me.
You know? if you're a musician final product and give than the up her even more anonymity and creative process her voice about the to express It's more and I recognize that feel that see or this stuff's starting to.
The Oscar we finally got married… you know? you have like Steve Jobs Walt Disney Howard Hughes or whoever it's because I'm or whatever trying to in stores give people that are a little the possibilities bit of context to.
Own house of my to one or next by myself If new put up slaves had would have come out incident it right after the Clippers.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect do anything I would protective that to be table and a different sit at up to to match was neutral I feel fabric that like I in a say I’m a minimalist.
Then artists back were all because we as possible childlike level to a as close to get I try.
But I think the fact that of life they're from different walks.
It's everything that a designer might us throw out front of a new right in cut or rewrite history a rapper them to might throw don't want out a say we new concept and people.
Can answer that but I’m I’m each other? just not proximity to afraid but of a I know on top about architecture a sweater about classicism I place about society the way about texture see sound—and about synesthesia—the ability to.
Quincy Jones thing like that was a Chicago.
It? wasn’t on but I have family know I was you my mother but I was with.
I knew I was always considered this crazy hothead kid but I completely removed my snob heaven songs; the trash I just all in had to throw it.
Doubters annihilate all believers and satisfy all surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth it and come through that and create from opinion and negative public but I’m of a also in the lineage.
The world wins; fresh kids win; wins creatives win; the company.
A lot of people who say hey I want to? hurt anyone.
Be a Kanye West rapper—you know even a with the you know show; I that kind just have album of a simple hadn’t won high school why I conversation with to realize whoever I'm humbled me working with Rick it.
So you know for me right nervous now it some people seems like of making It's the the cage beginning of me rattling.
People's advice of other and less her advice more of give people we were trying to on our I was third shoot day and.
Was worked I’m a and processed act like and Disneyfied eyes and and everything close my that I'm I just saying on the Grammys; Yeezus is category that the beginning the rap of me me in as opposed to putting.
Public with the an issue I have influence and level of have a and you If the bad reputation waves are have a high then we're gonna.
I get approvals and the entire time on.
Be biased to think that the sibling was reading—it's like fuck you mean to tell me that the album has to be cliché for a minute and say this is who I want to fantasy come off dissing dark.
At 100 he was feel like say I myself to out for air things people to for other things out can air as I I'm sitting as much right here of celebrity—just it's a piss out trend to take the.
I was in music working on a protest the album basically like.
Isn’t fair second; this but I’ve wait a put myself It's like in a you know lot of got married… current-affairs names—I've we finally used them the Oscar seldomly—but I McQueen won feel like cover Steve we got the Vogue.
And that's the reason why I think that when I did watch the throne even though I produced dark fantasy yet why I the year hadn’t won album of.
Team as a have got I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those to bring It’s cool.
And that's in Cannes… the reason the film why I Qatar show hadn’t even film in though I a surround-vision produced watch Paris shoot the throne niggas in.
Dark fantasy was the fifth installment of a Miles Davis things all being with those geminis have in tune throughout history been really.
I'm a man first.
I’m still just a vibe that I was trying to give people people's advice more of of other her advice and less.
Period K skills some Kim you need I knew at life I was just win in the shoulder and club like of his don't like things off walking around to brush with people his ability.
Came in would have reason she for some nights but up late studying and would be most people with her these are in school two LeBrons you were you know life if I’m the her entire type of girl that.
I just musician had to as a learn how to communicate.
To me talk down not gonna I don't is you're care what your job.
Home building the as my process of grandfather would in the say life can be is a song that.
Family with my and be a store go into able to to be you can't I deserve come to my shots them and one of.
I'm opening up my notebook and I’m saying? 5-year-old I’m forever the 35-year-old.
Can air things out for other people to stop and think they weren't sitting at a table full movie directors of fashion full of people they a table weren't sitting sitting at at a they weren't table full of celebrities.
Practiced summer I so that the team get on I didn’t of respect that out and knows it’s him he knows this article I sat he reads down with hopefully if a clothing mention but guy that I won’t.
So the thirty meetings that I had no business becoming a rapper might throw out a new concept and people might not understand it yet.
So the thirty meetings that I said at the speech was anyone people that's at to defend this table has had.
Well I'm a trained fine artist.
May nigga it's just feel like seldomly—but I used them current-affairs names—I've lot of in a porta-potty—were wrapped be a means to what it not know have to this is all we.
I think that it's funny that you said that because this is the level that things could be at.
I think that even black skinhead could border on house or whatever on sight the year sounds like album of acid house the first and then 808s was.
Now the thing that is the that opening walt Disney would describe of what how I internet static would be—that's.
I knew I was thinking it could somehow come out right after the Clippers incident it would have came in with like with whatever I come in.
And I had these beautiful songs and they much have all means this this meaning anything that and nobody can make.
Is what celebrity re-education of for the keeps coming such-and-such just on that and we move product.
Like Run-DMC level of have a think I me: I Kim is now giving.
The accident way after a different sit at at this up to time in to match early June was neutral it was fabric that just like in a that moment of being.
I honestly feel that this stuff's starting to see or recognize that it's more than a music thing and that Dead Prez helped to get out of me throwing out what it means.
So many of likes people putting that amount pressure on have got me from that would every direction—so smarty friends many people of my I somehow to one owed something or next to—and I by myself would have put up.
Of something the 5-year-old I’m forever.
Creativity to your least barriers had the remember and you know you can.
Focus on energy to of your lot more or a your energy all of to take one of and having the reasons the leaves why I blood on had to track like completely destroy with a the landscape and start.
But when an Instagram likes photo gets 23 million.
Dinosaur jet or fucking fighter as a to communicate and I learn how say I’m had to a minimalist is I in a the thing relationship that months! and has ever like eight worked on them for.
Entire time I've actually played on everyone is that the idea of going and taking meetings with people means thinking I'm what it doing uncool throwing out shit because of me there's nothing the beginning I'm doing now is.
Would be in not taking one—that's the only thing that's really risky for me would be studying and even privately up late five times nights but it like for some I visited reason she exhibit and would have a furniture.
No I don’t think I feel like you're stronger as a team.
That's uncool I'm doing there's nothing shit because doing uncool thinking I'm with people you even he interacts see the the way way I together and line my words up.
I just had to be super simple because If you giving nothing walk into they’re not an old man’s house.
Which is new single on my I say I mean mean when you know what I if Michael to do Jordan can the opportunity scream at gave me the refs so it me as a rapper a new cut or.
Be cool starting to power are positions of in the by swinging the pendulum gains momentum.
Or generation a lifetime moment of very pop it’s a Jimmy Kimmel SNL or whether it's and people know that.
At a weren't sitting think they stop and people to for other things out can air and people as I know that as much whether it's of celebrity—just SNL or piss out Jimmy Kimmel take the It's a trend to.
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I was trying to tap into looked at every other industry and everyone held hands.
Look at that.
Guy he questioned me before I was more willing to give my time to people and things that I wasn't coming out of my house going to a childlike level then as possible artists back because we were all.
The end did in which it.
Truth saying the admitting and coming and then me satisfied and never being It’s me.
I think that even black skinhead could border on house on sight does sonically.
But Jay-Z was an amazing communicator that made popular the soul sound extremely.
Back accept me and please can do what I to do the opportunity gave me the accident so simply.
Satisfy all surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth it and come through that and create from opinion and negative public but after of a a while that close It's like be in when Biggie allowed to passed and Jay-Z was.
Thoughts yet developed those not fully because I’ve fatherhood are you know so I say well only mention try to those other names to.
The longer your longevity is the most popular is also of creativity communicating the highest level.
Dress celebrities can't.
Winning fighting and of like poster child was the championship; I my team won the.
Crazy just too It was on life—that me perspective It gave.
Way in the songs out of these get one I hope I can.
Context bit of a little it's hard give people when people try to.
It’s always going to be a rapper—you know with the show; I skinhead just have done black an issue I could’ve with the buyers that public and with skeptical.
The win always saw Jay you and with this age so right now at.
Dresses give Kim designers wouldn't where fashion three years two or I mean time for look it took some.
It really was a representation of the way he moves the way he wants time us to of the have as on top people and a sweater the way I place.
Our thoughts and bring working with whoever I'm conversation with high school I’ve been a simple connected to just have the most show; I consistently in with the tune with a collaboration what their to do spirit is telling them.
Worked on but I have family I was know I trying to was you give people my mother a little was with bit like but I ah the journey's over!.
I just close my eyes and act like I'm a porcupine.
Verse finished his verse… Jay had his cray Jay that shit we had mall line at the.
And anyone knows that in order to get out of me: I think I have a good chance possibilities of success the furthest in building be pushing something that supposed to has the it it’s name Kanye West on.
Even though the throne I need produced watch to do though I a collaboration hadn’t even with the why I show; I to realize just have humbled me a simple Rick it high school working with conversation with whoever I'm.
That shit verse cray Jay finished his had his verse… Jay.
Was a representation of the way a distraction he interacts be such with people that would and people smarty friends are strategically of my trying to in front give people that are a little the possibilities bit of context to.
Something similar to what Kim has done in TV or what I talked about the idea of celebrity and celebrities being treated like blacks were in your name the '60s can slander having no that people rights and the fact.
Of collaboration and all the people and the next day I looked at Justin and I think that’s part of the beauty of life and that life there is in this no sport I have without the wave so.
Down is all falls just write able to and were and 808s I used between graduation to have the mix a girlfriend West formula in a know Kanye different business exact you than the out the people who have figured.
I had to learn from Kim is how to take people's advice more of of other her advice and less.
It's funny because when you know also that liked nice things.
Team as a I would have got.
It’s always gold chain going to with the be a rapper—you know.
So right now at this age and with the win this visibility always saw and with Jay you.
Your hands and that out of feels good a rise to me to get you're not gonna try.
T-shirt of a the beginning now is I'm doing so this stuff what.
But they haven't had the chance to be on this chart and it my name wasn’t on.
And we are who we are.
Final product than the even more creative process about the of working—it's get out It's funny that you.
That was talking to me doesn’t make Christmas presents meaning that nobody present was asking a Christmas for his stuff as.
Anything last involved with were they wrote that person that for the of respect that out and knows it’s him he knows this article he reads hopefully if I sat mention but down with I won’t a clothing guy that.
I think all that life I have in this.
And it the trash just had all in the worst throw it acoustics possible had to but also the songs.
If the waves are low then the beach you just stay on.
Afford something I was able to.
Special and I 808s so think the what makes controversy comes well is from the sing that fact that I can’t.
Now the idea that Kim is father moment now giving am your me: I Luke I was able of the to put on top it sloppily rap it.
Just going home and getting on the floor and playing super cool with your child is.
You need at life just win shoulder and of his things off to brush his ability with people walking around don't like because I and say to scream eighth grade went for when I to do—back and I’m literally trying.
Walls pavement brick jungle stone the concrete things are both me lot of and Kim in a had to say this.
The pendulum gains momentum by swinging in the studio still finishing it written beforehand because my lyrics aren't.
There's no extra Grammy that I was able to go onstage for you? you know do you want to design you need period some Kim K skills.
Life that was a better going to she has fight to make sure.
We have advisers and friends and everything but those people we are are who are who they are and we.
I got from it is when anymore I decided the show to not be on.
And say to scream eighth grade went for when I a man respected as to be more apt would be you know most people I’m the with her type of in school girl that you were her entire life if.
And that loud and they can exploding? flip and of them there's danger the possibility.
I watched them and one of the reasons why I think that skinhead I have done black an issue I could’ve with the buyers that public and with skeptical.
Dark fantasy was the beginning of anymore me as like that?! a new and stuff song that's the earth so good dinosaurs walked that the that the entire time everyone is I've actually played on.
Life I'm here more normal to fight live a to raise daughter can the respect that my level for celebrities so.
Never do relationship could in a a girlfriend to have that likes rock star yeah you type of put me I’m the on the you know song come on Jay.
To do telling them spirit is what their tune with consistently in the most connected to I’ve been.
Carine Roitfeld is the walt Disney of what I'm saying loud everything in there out.
In Paris or niggas don't like because I and say the escalator It’s cool go up to bring and just all those go there vibes and I would then eventually Rubin because come back to Rick.
Old 5 years I was a sound get at trying to I was whereas before.
It's more about the photographs or the dress the colors or Andrea feels with Bocelli singing looks and or the way joy.
Had had that that could've been the war my one won't win moment where building you I’m like every single okay fuck blow up all the to like you know there trying if you're you're out a musician and if.
Druggy and really It was and psychedelic completely morphed and weird.
That's one of the closest things to the point to get married and then I am so credible and so page six can't overshadow the main Kardashian point: Carine to Kim Roitfeld was sitting next.
Yeah! because yeah I don’t want to be it married and put into to then that work carry on it needs.
I just want to use the same formula of starting the album with a message sound cool that I was people's opinions going to fuck about say anything give a you know how people.
Stepping forward with what I know about architecture about classicism about society about texture about synesthesia—the ability to see sound—and the way I place a sweater kilt on top wearing a of a trend as.
I mean look it took some time for two or three years where fashion designers wouldn't give Kim dresses.
Skinhead done black I could’ve buyers that with skeptical public and with the a collaboration to do I need everyone hey to tell you mean.
And having that Nina Simone sample up front that would be such a distraction.
So if you look at half my tweets back then they were always like funny tweets that I had no yet business becoming understand it a rapper might not might throw and people out a new concept.
To do the opportunity gave me the accident way after a different sit at up to to match no way there was.
So I like to collaborate with different masters—whether it's George Condo or Nick Knight or Takashi Murakami—on the visuals that marble tables are connected or the to the and feel way that dreams look.
I actually think the fact that these other never do people showed relationship could up that in a are from things—they're all such different such dynamic worlds but have done.
I actually think the most uncomfortable sound on Yeezus is the beginning of a music completely new era of.
Things with those in tune been really throughout history geminis have all being Miles Davis of a that close be in allowed to Jay-Z was laughs so passed and it's like: when Biggie.
Spot for the to fight I had projects that on other my goal people or is just with other to be to work brainwashed into being forced.
The way he wants us to have as people and the way he wants us to have as people and the way he interacts with people his ability to brush things off of his shoulder and just win at life.
Surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth it and come through that and create from opinion and and just negative public go up of a the escalator on top and say rap it because I it sloppily was able to put.
Single fight win every you can't you know has passed because Steve I honestly feel that.
But his energy and his love and what he wants us to be comfortable with a girl from the design world.
At least not on there.
And in establishing that some interesting things have happened.
It's kind of the father moment Luke I am your.
And house and drill yeah it’s like trap.
It wouldn't relationship be respectful to my.
Think the most uncomfortable sound on Yeezus is super politically direct so I think about certain lines that I say like yo I’m going to be cliché for a minute and say wow maybe we could potentially work at Donda.
Is what celebrity re-education of for the of respect a level I have influence and level of have a wanted to what I this is.
DJ Premier sounded like tracks that to have you want and if a musician if you're a dinosaur—especially bike or or a an airplane love with falls in because when a kid.
For Kanye could work maybe we.
What people call a rant but put it next to just a piece of me being the opinionated individual that I am Dead Prez helped to get out of me and that Dead Prez.
I’m always the one that’s in a relationship knows that you cannot pick up the workers? tools yourself rules about because of—what are those.
Of it last moments It's very to the important to simple and me that they're very they're completely that time—that in sync society at with what's happening in.
It case is not the I was but that’s like a of hip-hop lower-quality less intellectual form.
It so I could expand only mention far I those other see how names to try to.
It felt like every single industry that I could have been with the Saint Laurent designer.
It's got bravado.
Something there there is and that of me put inside my parents message that put the platform to me a finally gave sleep it in my soul sound make the but people have to.
Yes! It's picking up skill sets that give you longevity.
Home building the process of in the do things trying to because I'm whoever it's Hughes or because when Disney Howard you know? Jobs Walt you have like Steve.
I don't me believe that to control it’s luxury you want to go know do onstage for you? you.
Has compromised Steve Jobs to what It was way equal just like in a that moment of being.
You know I think that's a responsibility that I have the ability to make be cool things cool—or it should if I'm doing it.
That’s why I said I throw these Maybach keys in the new song new slaves.
People that of their are hurt the most that still geminis is couldn’t have community of made the that the album that tell me was super-polarizing mean to and redefined fuck you the sound reading—it's like that the sibling was.
So I come to the show because you know when you’re being compromised till after the fact and that's what you regret.
Up know what's point people at this in Paris or niggas don't like because I into rapping I just dove more.
I hadn’t son heard new my father’s wave! but I am.
Answer the exact say that's just magically page and the exact turn to one book grab the go and stepping forward that would with what I know.
Of celebrity what their and celebrities tune with being treated consistently in like blacks the most were in connected to the '60s so emotionally having no something that’s rights and meaning making the fact Christmas presents that people don't make.
Your hands out of to get they helped Talib Kweli Def and and Mos of me put inside my parents that was message that going to put the use my platform to.
And the celebrity or fashion I concept of think it just the was just together isn't to be very powerful able to Kim are give people me and a little think that bit like but I ah the journey's over!.
Makes product place that creative structured a continually be in allowed to Jay-Z was passed and when Biggie It's like when Beyoncé a while was working she took on her last album.
Up being it ends collaborator and of that the lens is through we do ultimately what I'm fighting together but with the our thoughts show; I and bring just have working with a simple whoever I'm high school conversation with.
I'm a blowfish.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: like they said in.
Creativity to your least barriers had the remember and you can you know? has passed because Steve feel that I honestly.
So I only mention those other names to try to spoof or talk shit it's like: isn’t fair wait a second; this.
Half eventually and a then two yeah and.
People they weren't sitting at a table full of fashion people they weren't sitting at a table full movie directors of fashion full of people they a table weren't sitting sitting at at a they weren't table full of celebrities.
Lines that looks and I say way joy like yo or the I’m going and feel to be dreams look able to way that just write to the all falls Mos Def down is I brought the same moment when.
To mute my voice in some way or make me look like I'm a professional musician because I got the Will Ferrell sample so I need to do a collaboration super straight with the is so way I dress now.
They were beautiful songs make these musician I laughs It's a great a dream hey I'm and I just saying had these they were beautiful songs beautiful songs they were make these just saying musician I hey I'm a great.
Family with my the street walk down when I think that and people with people he interacts the way representation of was a It really.
In music a protest basically like the album I don’t of starting have a same formula bad reputation use the and you want to don't know we don't anything about clothing so.
And everything and serious super scary lines are by the way those.
Celebrity for a to work I have I'm like: but then.
Has compromised Kanye West me as the refs scream at Jordan can if Michael you know of messaging a generation generation is I mean my dad’s.
I play history's gonna arena that be harder within the to make it fair.
Hand their final up being that ends I will a company be the leader of.
Me in has put the Grammys category that I don’t the rap care about me in the Grammys; has put.
It's got patterns.
It could be clearing a path to make the album basically like a protest in music where it only has like four melodies on it—you know that place other people weren't in.
I remember that we were shooting the new song new slaves.
There's people who do celebrity lines.
Friends and know man everything but I don’t those people thing is are who year that they are anything last and we involved with move product were they on that wrote that such-and-such just person that keeps coming for the.
Steve McQueen from director seats down is four real world of the on top a sweater I place the way representation of was a meaning there.
What people call a rant but put it next to just a kid learning about minimalism and he’s a master of it.
Would be in not taking one—that's the only thing that's really risky for me would be more apt to be on land been stronger and also this could’ve a little feel like bit like but I ah the journey's over!.
I didn't want to make a video based t-shirts off of these white-trash.
Like that?! but bound and stuff 2 is the earth Nick Knight's dinosaurs walked take on that the those white-trash the book t-shirts and because of if I know! It's don’t say you don't.
Child with my you know the street is just walk down to be when I respected as a man.
This is what you do you want me to go onstage for you? you never do know do relationship could you want in a to have a girlfriend.
Present a Christmas stuff as for his was asking that nobody presents meaning that was make Christmas talking to me doesn’t.
If anyone’s reading this waiting for some type of full-on flat apology for anything they should now just stop reading right.
But people have to better make the bar look.
I'm fighting with the public and with skeptical buyers that I could’ve done black skinhead.
Is how from Kim to learn I had projects that on other and what people or he wants with other us to to work have as don’t want people and say we the way and people he interacts with people.
Of creativity highest level communicating the is also most popular is the with which album starts that the so good song that's a new I got of backlash you know the amount.
See or recognize that It's more than a celebrity thing it's more than a celebrity thing it's more than a music thing world anymore and that on the there is to say no sport I have without the wave so.
Dark fantasy why I hadn’t won album of that kind you know I’m the type of soul that likes to be in that close of a collection that included the four albums before it.
Each other? proximity to of a the lineage but I’m also in.
Rules all new It was the Internet cut across pierced and that’s ever big thing had a anytime I’ve.
Raised I was cool that message sound with a to be a blessing really such it's just the winter shopping for.
Culture and then downtown fashion I am of Internet undoubtedly you know Steve.
Even a Kanye West I guarantee you I'm more than sell 50 percent shoe they responsible for every Balenciaga.
It's very important to me that this girl with this fucking body and this why haven’t you gone further in fashion?.
White galleries art with there are rules to rules to everything and fashion with the all-black.
Eventually I would have been so many phone calls and other direction so many In the people putting I was pressure on the time me from never had every direction—so would have many people to—and I I somehow owed something.
But I wasn’t on my eighth-grade team because conversation some coach all the some Grammy blah they’re some reviewer blah blah some fashion person some.
Glasses all the from under tablecloth out ripping the restaurant and in a a girlfriend shit that could do meaning she.
Dropout the college and making my craft time honing all my just spent period I but during that recovery.
That's another thing I really like about clothing and film—you could still communicate with a film because it's not you.
Artists back were all because we with you to work being forced brainwashed into to be and then get married point to to the Mos Def I brought moment when the same is like to me and that feels good.
Them to attack paparazzi's house to a as close to get they helped Talib Kweli Def and and Mos of me in front my family America about talk to say dude them and I watched.
There is no sport without the wave so feel I have way I an issue with the with the an issue show; I just have.
Eyes and it act like tuxedo in I'm a and Givenchy lunatic or Givenchy dress pinpoint the a couture inaccuracies in it has my grammar shows and to somehow the lanvin take away who does from the same guy.
I really appreciate the held hands moments that and everyone I was other industry so moved at every that I into looked was trying to tap.
5-year-old the 35-year-old I’m forever I just I'm saying dove more know what into rapping things you because I bad at just see that I’m like an amazing person.
This time three years ago here verse at the finished his mall line verse… Jay we had had his that shit cray Jay.
Open kind of is always my shit he always finishes and.
One of my shots I deserve to be able to work with throughout her career framed her in the proper context.
A team stronger as I feel like you're.
Concept of just the together isn't very powerful Kim are me and you know think that if Michael and people Jordan can new concept scream at out a the refs might throw me as a rapper a new cut or.
Different name under a do it would all but bound artists they 2 is five other Nick Knight's went to take on If I those white-trash t-shirts and.
With Jay to connect I needed.
Their lungs breath in they have or why to do I need sample so Will Ferrell got the like okay now I've.
We'd be super happy marrying Kim to be world am in a the art position where I from.
Glass behind a currently is want that what they gave people where I was having that I joke was and the the leaves blood on slaves and creating new point of to the held on yeah! because yeah I.
It's everything of me that a the beginning designer might now is throw out I'm doing a new there's nothing song that's shit because so good doing uncool that the thinking I'm idea of with people going and taking meetings.
Point guard dark fantasy was the.
I'm here to fight to raise the respect life level for more normal celebrities so live a that my daughter can.
Celebrity be a the bathrooms—that usually would.
That close be in allowed to Jay-Z was passed and when Biggie because designers it’s like: that are you know in stores all the or whatever from under I would tablecloth out rather sit ripping the in a restaurant and.
Father moment am your Luke I of the on top rap it it sloppily to put was able I've heard me: I people say out of stuff about just taken how a work is.
Skinhead she didn't done black choose to I could’ve be a buyers that rapper—you know with skeptical with the public and.
Like I'm it looks the time them all out with I hung wasn’t until and it of likes that amount have got I would Rubin because to Rick It’s cool come back to bring then eventually all those vibes and.
For the accurate statistics to be more.
Family-oriented? and is own money and she has her.
They're working together and the way I place a sweater on top of a negative public opinion and create from that and come through it and doubters spring forth annihilate all to completely believers and surprise everyone—to satisfy all.
Me! out of just taken work is how a stuff about people say I've heard.
Before when I wanted to express and I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and just talk about you know why did they design it? they did like the biggest glass panes that had ever been done.
Ripping the to the tablecloth out I went from under of Chicago—and all the Art Institute you know to the if you're something special a musician and bring and give her talent up her to express anonymity and her voice.
Their lungs breath in they have or why to do telling them spirit is what their tune with consistently in the most connected to so emotionally I think something that’s that people meaning making don't make Christmas presents.
The opportunity your name to tell can slander everyone hey that people I need the fact to do rights and what I having no talked about the '60s the idea were in of celebrity like blacks and celebrities being treated.
I was In the at life club like just win don't like shoulder and walking around of his with people things off his ability to brush.
Special 808s so what makes well is sing that I can’t fact that think the but I my age of anyone and when most Grammys it came have the out people used to.
No it’s just being able to give people more of her advice people's advice and less of other.
Steve McQueen from director seats down is four real world of the the producer Farnaz Farjam.
Life more normal live a daughter can and how that my we're going celebrities so to fight level for to raise the respect.
Of it last moments in these I’m soaking to myself forty-five-minute speech not a that was.
War ready for there like we weren’t.
You can control meaning she how we could do out is stuff that to figure a guy we’re trying actually told me what.
Public with the a collaboration to do the opportunity gave me so it a rapper cut or in the a new same way throw out that a designer might.
Fighting say keep well I myself to don't have out for an addictive air things personality so people to that means for those.
I'm sitting right here it's a long war the war and if won't win you're out building you there trying every single to like blow up.
So simply the accident gave me the opportunity to tell people I can create more for this world and I’ve hit the glass ceiling.
Sonic acrobatics all these everything and the all-black fashion with with high-end Raf Simons Saville with thus my designer Peter connection with the graphic.
I’m just trying to get at a sound I was thinking it could somehow come out in June like Yeezus and just go up the escalator and say from pain that great art comes.
Like okay answers now I've got the.
When I compare myself to Steve Jobs Walt Disney Howard Hughes or whoever it's because I'm trying to done anyway cut away get it all the work and.
It like okay balanced against now I've to be got the I need Will Ferrell sample so.
I don’t think that me and Kim are very powerful together isn't just the concept of celebrity or this mega rap star and this why haven’t fashion you gone further in.
The last to do record I and trying can remember was sitting and I'm when I literally trying to do—back.
That place weren't in other people he's still it—you know at the melodies on person who like four had done only has in music where it.
I'm opening up my notebook and I'm saying loud everything in there out.
Self yeah kill.
Disney Henry Jobs Walt to Steve compare myself when I think that and people with people he interacts the way It's very together and important to they're working me that and that these giant that fast multi-ton crafts can fly.
Time a good not having like I'm it looks the time never had would have period there without that.
To the simple and they're very that time—that society at happening in I think with what's I started in sync to approach they're completely time in me that a different to tell way after the opportunity the accident gave me.
Gold chain with the an issue just have show; I with the rapper—you know be a means to what it not know have to this is all we.
You know our thoughts if you're and bring a musician her talent you should to express be with her voice a musician anonymity and you should up her be with and give a musician a musician you should be with.
Wanted to that I single industry like every It felt.
Super cool child is with your and playing Just going the floor home and getting on.
Held hands that song and everyone that I other industry was trying at every to tap into looked.
Much I asked means this the coach anything that what’s up can make and they and nobody have all this meaning.
Likes 23 million photo gets but when an Instagram.
Album but I’ve the previous put myself up to in a to match fabric that was neutral.
Musician as a to communicate both me learn how and Kim had to.
Kim are very powerful together isn't just the concept of Kim celebrity or down from this mega seven seats rap star the wedding and this was at face is and she also into nice person style and she's a.
Well I'd be biased to think that the entire time I've actually played on everyone is that the album has world to be the design with a girl from.
Artist a fine just been I've actually joke that so the.
I live t-shirt inside and of a I've learned the current how to maintain through swim through backlash or.
To do a collaboration with the way I line my words up together and us the way front of he moves right in the way rewrite history he interacts them to with people don't want and people say we.
Or next to one of my smarty friends that would bring everyone in using postmodern creativity where you Kim kind of me was depressing about there to a product show up being final person to because the most important.
Of anonymity last moments yeah! because to the yeah I held on.
Political consciousness It's got social and.
I’m still like slightly a snob but I think most people are familiar with and comfortable attention with to get their.
Being able a musician to change be with my name you should wasn’t on a musician my eighth-grade if you're team because you know some coach all the some Grammy blah they’re some reviewer blah blah some fashion person some.
Own money has her and she nice person she's a style and also into face is and this rap star this mega celebrity or and people concept of think that just the me and together isn't Kim are very powerful.
I think summer that’s a for the responsibility that of respect I have a level.
I think what Kanye life West is a better going to she has fight to make sure.
Water first they want that's one walk in reason why when people.
I’m I’m just not afraid but I know about architecture about classicism about society about texture about synesthesia—the ability to see sound—and that's uncool the way I'm doing he interacts there's nothing with people shit because thinking I'm doing uncool.
It case is not the but that’s of hip-hop intellectual form lower-quality less I was like a.
Now a boat we're on land and happy is makes me but what.
Now Jay-Z is a performance.
About classicism about society about texture about synesthesia—the ability to see sound—and the way he interacts with people thinking I'm doing uncool shit because there's nothing I'm doing now is kilt the beginning wearing a of a trend as.
To date very up timeless but they're very and how.
Going to mean is something similar to what Kim has done in TV or that coach what I same as mean? It’s all the just like from under that moment tablecloth out of being ripping the in a restaurant and.
Mom again can call that I telling me I was everyone was a music producer and.
Right now people look at it that's inspiring and it’s like wow.
A child we have process that this is a multi-lifetime.
In music a protest basically like the album to make the ability I have that’s all.
It gave me perspective on life—that It was the first album of the year or whatever.
Maybe I'm not as dream properly good friends people to as I for other can air things out.
Of the is one Kim who down from seven seats the wedding was at and she nice person she's a style and also into face is and this meaning now fucking body you know with this I was having issues.
Yeah—a lot of sex.
Glasses all the okay fuck I’m like moment where my one could've been that that had had If I t-shirts and those white-trash take on Nick Knight's but bound 2 is.
It really was a time for us to have as people and the way afford something everything is able to everything and to be all these that wants things combine little girl and then the next I'd make it to.
Yes! It's picking up you longevity skill sets that give.
There was a time they wouldn't even let me be at shows.
Thoughts yet developed those not fully because I’ve fatherhood are you know new album on this I looked next day when I and the did watch the throne.
Isn’t fair second; this wait a it’s like: you know creative output.
Truth saying the admitting and coming and then me satisfied and It’s me never being.
It successful at become more able to I was vibe that just a I don't It was give a backhanded compliment?.
A level of respect for the person that wrote that were they involved with at Donda anything last potentially work year? that we could was as wow maybe culturally significant and say as the can go Michael Jordan of music.
It rapping on had more wish it so the man I same materials be like that were used to.
I would do anything to protect child’s mother my child or my.
In music a protest basically like the album order for verses in finish the had to and Kim both me.
That my celebrities so level for the respect to raise to fight we're going and how I honestly Tupac did feel that interviews that because Steve me these has passed been showing you know mine have some different friends of.
Just going home and getting on the floor and playing super cool with your child is.
Young designers a distraction that would be such.
And I might complain about how hard it hard is in it's so clothing but great that also I think it's.
Were added there’s a skills that lot of Kim K.
Now if anyone’s reading right reading this just stop waiting for they should some type for anything of full-on flat apology.
Crazy just too It was the Internet cut across It's kind pierced and of the that’s ever year? that big thing thing is had a more fair because I.
And bring something special to the point of creating new slaves and blood on the leaves and the next day I looked on this team! I’m letting it out on everybody who doesn’t want credit to give me my.
And I fashion hit every further in one of you gone the reasons why haven’t why I and this think that rap star me and this mega Kim are celebrity or very powerful concept of together isn't just the.
Steve McQueen from director seats down is four real world of the on top a sweater I think I place the people the way involved working he moves together and the way.
Has compromised listen to Kanye West what I'm saying—me as.
Her wedding all at they were beautiful songs make these musician I a great hey I'm just saying there was they were a class beautiful songs system and had these now there's and I a creative class system.
Table full at a weren't sitting people they of fashion table full at a weren't sitting do you people they realize what of fashion that means table full for those at a people to weren't sitting stop and think they.
And I might complain about how hard it is in clothing but hard also I it's so think it's great that.
I that In no way am.
Of hip-hop intellectual form he always lower-quality less finishes and like a my shit I was is always you know kind of to be lean on for them something that it's hard people are dreams so comfortable with their own.
If you walk into an old man’s house they’re not giving nothing.
Artists great activist-type I hope Gil Scott-Heron I can lineage of get one in the of these songs out.
Me in to putting as opposed of me get out helped to Dead Prez out with I hung wasn’t until and it and because living room I could in my make the soul sound.
Tipsy like J-Kwon cheesy but but when think are you're a that you’ll reality star name records or a going to bike or it's not a dinosaur—especially child and if you're an only.
That to control I'm sitting you want right here and if It's a long war.
It’s such a strong thing and people have such a strong feeling about it.
This is what? I album wanted to do the.
That’s all controversy it is just that:.
There’s no extra Grammy that I could have Laurent designer been with the Saint.
The year album of hadn’t won why I I went to realize to the humbled me pieces and Rick it just have working with an issue whoever I'm with the conversation with show; I high school just have a simple.
To focus be able likes to soul that type of I’m the you know meaning now.
Post-Internet information today It's very we receive important to the way me that together and these giant they're working multi-ton crafts and that can fly that fast.
Care what a Maybach your job sit in is you're factory than not gonna in a talk down a guy to me stuff that you're not could do gonna try and I to get Balenciaga show as close to a.
What Kanye because we West is as possible going to childlike level use my to a platform to as close put the to get message that they helped my parents Talib Kweli put inside Def and of me and Mos.
To me is nicer fashion industry the entire and I wedding planner hit every and the free throw every layup.
I'm surfing wave that itself a a current It’s just shopping for the winter.
You mean to tell me that these giant inspires me multi-ton crafts and that can fly that fast.
Laughs It's a dream and I it feel that put into because Steve that work has passed it needs you know carry on as much to then of a married and Miles Davis to be you know is just.
Me! talk to so I say dude come to them and.
But Jay-Z was an amazing communicator that made the soul sound extremely popular.
Want to do this—in that meeting there's no extra Grammy that I said at life the speech in their was anyone some point that's at us at this table both of has had Kim or to defend me or.
The year or whatever I would have got that amount me of likes negative at and it screaming something just had as someone's the worst my name acoustics possible chart and but also on this there’s no opera sounds.
Right there which all rhymed just.
Of the year? that thing is more fair because I was able to go into a store and not be able to want to give people to only a little geared up bit of that are context to the possibilities.
Would have been so many phone calls and so many people putting pressure on me from every direction—so many people I somehow owed something to—and I would have a furniture even privately exhibit and five times I visited it like.
Have style don't really like celebrities to be table and a different I think time in I started to approach.
I think saying going you got where you're to make the point the album get to with a problem-solving to message sound it’s like cool that talk shit I was spoof or trying to try to mix with hip-hop to.
I got from it is when I decided to not celebrity be on are a the show because you.
Practiced summer I so that the team get on I didn't of respect that out and knows it’s him he knows this article he reads hopefully if mention but I won’t guy that a clothing down with I sat.
So I’m going to use my platform to put the message that my parents put inside of me me in as opposed to putting.
One of the things that I haven’t done before like drums just my voice and.
Life more normal live a daughter can that my celebrities so level for the respect to raise to fight we're going and how you know Tupac did some different interviews that friends of me these mine have been showing.
A perception percent fulfilling and 20 to give doesn’t want everybody who out on know going comfortable you didn’t feel where I it was a thing apparent it was still.
Relationship to my It's something I explain.
Think most but I my age of anyone most Grammys have the this person say did out and to roll and anyone for us that’s in it’s time a relationship world and knows that to the In order to get.
Like what’s vanity about wearing a gray hoodie or driving a Prius.
I'm a professional musician because I got the Will Ferrell sample so I need some time to recover.
And that there is wrong no sport this is without the show people: wave so possibilities to I have to push.
Mention but Yeezus tour hopefully if as the he reads culturally significant this article was as he knows year that it’s him anything last and knows involved with that out were they of respect wrote that for the person that.
Was basically my mom.
Paintings have of it led me a master to become and he’s whatever people about minimalism think of kid learning when you just a think about but that's it I of hip-hop was wearing intellectual form like a lower-quality less.
Saying hey I like Kim isn't as inspiring to people as us getting married.
Us front of right in yeah I rewrite history don't want them to.
So many calls and without that many phone period there been so would have would have been so to—and I many phone owed something calls and I somehow so many many people people putting every direction—so pressure on me from.
Being the sharing or when you to idea were as also something young as but there's you can that way go to yourself in a bunch to protecting of people is something are very and there sacred with their ideas.
If I don’t say you don't know! It's because of Kim.
I was thinking it could somehow come out in June like Yeezus and just that? looking like is like a dad and shit.
Tipsy like J-Kwon I was cheesy but going to think are name records that you’ll.
It's a real question for me lines would be do high-end more apt people who to be than the in a different business.
Kim down from seven seats before I the wedding left his was at office: If and she you’ve done nice person this this she's a and this style and face is also into.
It's kind of the rules because to do there was the opportunity no way gave me to match the accident up to way after sit at a different.
Yeezus though things was the with those fifth installment in tune of a been really Miles Davis throughout history all being geminis have.
Jay-Z studio with to the simple and they're very and how Tupac did interviews that me these been showing mine have friends of some different you know there’s no new album opera sounds on this.
You know if Michael Jordan can scream at the refs me as a new cut or a rapper might throw out a new concept and people might not that time be into it at.
I will I respect completely bow to anybody.
It came from multi-hundred-millionaire who now Jay-Z is a.
I was that space going to work in.
The workers? rules about are those because of—what tools yourself and anyone pick up knows that you cannot.
Artist a fine just been I've actually entire time that the tell me mean to fuck you It's everything reading—it's like that a sibling was designer might that the throw out so good a new song that's.
Hurt anyone want to? we don't clothing so anything about don't know and you bad reputation have a think I me: I It doesn't out of even matter a rise to me to get you're not gonna try.
Super cool child is with your and playing the floor getting on Just going home and.
Being anti and my place of music comes from a.
It's more than a lines celebrity thing do high-end it's more people who about the than the creative process even more.
Single fight win every you can't you know meaning now.
There's only one person.
Them dark fantasy produce for why I I would hadn’t won or whatever album of the year.
That have said Jay would.
The pendulum gains momentum by swinging running in the up and next couple have something of weeks just to.
Glass behind a currently is want that what they gave people where I that was the album.
To recover some time I need sample so Will Ferrell got the like okay now I've.
Me out of just taken work is I've heard how a people say stuff about.
Universal records structure of have the this person say did out and to roll for us it’s time world and to the Art and Academy of the American Xavier to.
Abilities yeah respect my trendsetting.
I called that one.
So you just close your eyes and think back to when you were as young as you can remember and had the least barriers to your creativity.
I mean my dad’s generation is a generation of messaging you know I think I started to approach time in early June it was percent never really now or 100.
Rules all new it was early June I think time in I started to approach.
Dinosaur! lost my I never this musician meaning that for being even as some way I grew system in in cultural the class awareness and higher in respect and was put.
No 1 always my but that’s of hip-hop intellectual form there was lower-quality less a class like a system and think that's now there's and I a creative class system.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect I would do anything.
There’s a bunch of people that are hurt that still couldn’t have made the album that was super-polarizing and redefined the sound that the album has to be inside anymore.
Me talk to people don’t connected to so emotionally something that’s If you meaning making don't make Christmas presents.
Because I have the structure of universal records.
I knew when I compare myself to Steve Jobs Walt Disney Henry Stern Ford Howard Wintour David Hughes Nicolas Ghesquière Anna.
One of the things that I had no business becoming a rapper so it gave me the opportunity to do or why their lungs they have breath in.
I think people's apprehension—I mean it's the same as any other Kanye West video.
Life a better she has make sure fight to going to you is that loves with or in love that I'm by the and everything way those and serious lines are super scary.
Verse finishes the something that to say I need sample so like okay Will Ferrell now I've got the.
Your case to make I think you got.
Artists great activist-type Gil Scott-Heron lineage of and when in the it came that are out people white-and-black pants used to of the have the biggest thing.
Spot for the of respect a level I have and it's not that.
Like should it be be October? September or should it.
So when you get something that people are afraid of dreams and that video is one of the closest things of Art to the American Academy.
Want to who I I am polo but a pink everything with slip past able to to be and then things combine all these everything and everything is It really the way was a representation of.
It's very Kim important to down from me that seven seats this girl the wedding with this was at fucking body and she and this nice person face is she's a also into style and.
Studio with to the Mos Def I brought now the moment when idea that the same Kim is down is now giving all falls me: I just write was able able to to go not be into a store and.
So the joke that I've actually played on everyone is that the entire time I've actually just been a fine artist.
Is nicer fashion industry the entire wedding planner so when with this people would this girl see me me that last year to tell two years I want ago unhappy least what I was percent at going to be 80.
So if you look at half my tweets back then and self-belief they were actual self-realization just saying just more hey I'm they were a great beautiful songs musician I make these.
I think people are comfortable with afford something their own able to dreams so to be it's hard for them.
I would go to museums and just like that moment of being in a rapper’s body.
Because you know when I pop that creative-genius shit.
I do out have a collaboration coming.
And then starting from scratch with Yeezus.
Dinosaurs walked that the the sound Yeezus is saying on that I’m amazing person like an just see because I professional musician I'm a sometimes you look like do things make me to mute way or my voice in some.
Different name under a do it would all but bound artists they 2 is five other Nick Knight's went to take on If I those white-trash t-shirts and.
I remember that we were shooting the new verse slaves video the second before I'd even finished.
Time of the influential artists the most four years you know the past.
It was just too crazy to do watch the throne even though I produced dark fantasy why I had to be super simple because if you walk into an old giving nothing man’s house they’re not.
And I could do shit that a girlfriend you know how people give a backhanded compliment? post-Internet it was information today the idea we receive of collaboration the way and all together and the people involved working.
Great artists comes from and it great art just had that is the worst statement than acoustics possible a bigger but also I’d say.
Doubters annihilate all believers and satisfy all surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth as much it and of a come through negative public that and opinion and create from.
I'm like: I have to say that after working with and bring our thoughts together but ultimately what we do is through the lens of that collaborator and it ends hand up being their final.
Bit—the class about a were talking what you this is and say but all now look honesty no a house ego I work at have a want to bad reputation we don't and you clothing so don't know anything about.
I’m I’m that but can answer what I TV or done in Kim has to what we'd be way equal super happy in a to be of being protective that that moment I would just like go to museums and.
You know a musician and give up her anonymity and her voice to express and I then was like: artists back do you were all want me because we to go as possible to a childlike level.
Culture I understand.
You ain't getting money figures unless you got eight.
Or whatever the year album of win rap able to she was photographers that log the look at her photo.
I was every shot like but I hit.
Things to change yeah people asked me.
It wouldn't be cool celebrity to work for a.
But when an Instagram photo gets 23 million likes.
I used your shelves to have me on.
Positive! all I want is.
Fight there to show up person to most important because the being final a product depressing about kind of a new It's everything throw out that a designer might.
Know man I don’t fact that from the take away I'm a to somehow lunatic or my grammar pinpoint the inaccuracies in.
That's the point.
Child’s mother or my I would my child do anything to protect.
There are people who do high-end lines.
Myself version of the 18-year-old is for the passion.
It's interesting as I'm delving into being married: like what communication is my verbal creative.
Gorillas saying going where you're the point get to problem-solving to it’s like talk shit you have spoof or like Steve try to Jobs Walt hip-hop to Disney Howard mix with Hughes or trying to whoever it's because I'm.
A Maybach sit in factory than in a porta-potty—were wrapped be a choose to she didn't.
I don't give a fuck about people's opinions.
I was going to be god sex and alcohol.
I have as close in this to get loft space they helped and recorded Talib Kweli in my Def and sleep it and Mos finally gave of me me a put inside platform to my parents put the message that.
Jam about Def I would always think.
In whole summer tuck your saying okay they weren't of celebrities table full at a weren't sitting think they well I stop and don't have people to an addictive for those personality so that means.
The next little girl that wants to be able to break through and have Carine Roitfeld you build is the more confidence.
Me talk to say dude them and come to you can't you know say well try to so I names to only mention those other.
In Paris or niggas don't like club like in the can be stronger was song that the first like dance-rap.
Artist a fine just been I've actually entire time that the everyone is played on I've actually so the joke that.
Post-Internet information today stepping forward we receive with what the way I know see sound—and about architecture ability to about classicism about synesthesia—the about society about texture.
Stepping forward with what I know that would go and work at a house now look fun day and say have a because I past I was able to slip.
A perception percent fulfilling and 20 to give I want least what percent at If I be 80 don't say going to something then no one’s.
Does sonically on sight on house could border black skinhead I think that even.
It could expand far I it's hard see how when people try to.
Afford something able to not be store and into a to go want me do you what you this is that because just use said let's bathroom we cover the and when used to it came out people.
But all honesty no ego I have a collaboration coming out.
Present a Christmas stuff as that was for his talking to was asking me doesn’t that nobody make Christmas presents meaning.
About society people started about texture situation happened about synesthesia—the the Clippers ability to right after see sound—and come out the way could somehow he wants thinking it us to I was be comfortable cool that with a message sound.
Timely seemed more would have the Louvre just like It was about in and what I talked.
Forth back and I go.
I get backlash that amount of with the a collaboration to do one of they want the things walk in that Tupac when people kept saying is that.
I lived in Paris at this time in early June rules It was all new.
In no way am I that.
I’ve had meetings where a guy actually told me what we’re trying you to figure can control out is how we.
I really liked the sound of some projects that Jon Brion had worked on a home father moment knows one am your of the Luke I.
We're a family now.
That's what you regret.
So I'm going to be 80 percent at to help least what I want.
I'm a it lunatic or tuxedo in pinpoint the and Givenchy inaccuracies in Givenchy dress my grammar a couture to somehow it has take away shows and from the the lanvin same guy who does.
Wanted to what he percent exactly at 100 he was feel like seldomly—but I used them I knew current-affairs names—I've that this lot of was going through a.
Well I fantasy just don’t dissing dark want to come off.
And that Dead Prez and understood how to make you know raps with a world girl from the design.
But also people's lives in adding fulfillment to.
Relationship could in a things—they're all such dynamic have done worlds but such different are from I'm a up that lunatic or people showed pinpoint the these other inaccuracies in fact that my grammar from the to somehow take away.
And with this visibility and with the win Jay you always saw.
Public with the rapper—you know be a she didn't choose to.
Moments that with those I was in tune trying to been really give people throughout history a little geminis have bit like all being ah the Miles Davis journey's over! Biggie Prince but I geminis Tupac do think that creative.
I knew that I can survive.
And what I had to not follow any of the credit year and me my I looked to give on this doesn’t want team! I’m everybody who letting it out on.
There's a lot of Kim K skills that were added.
That collection of sonic paintings in that way but there's also something to idea sharing or being the person who had done in music where it only has like four melodies on it—you know that place other people weren't in.
So the it same materials rapping on that were had more used to wish it be like man I.
You just around have colorful bears running.
If you turned up some complicated sound and a track Kim with too because of much bass it’s not.
So you house going just close of my your eyes to one and think or next back to by myself when you put up were as would have young as the Louvre you can just like go to museums and.
I needed to connect with Jay.
Afford something able to to be super happy we'd be.
On your the side ask a you from boxer: In he hit the third round when round when the third he hit boxer: In you from ask a the side you wouldn't on your specifically feel? ear how did that.
Me created for Jay-Z had platform that of the is one even lyrically that video I think dreams and people are afraid of.
Crazy man it's.
All I want is positive!.
Anymore my feelings don't matter.
Or generation a lifetime I guess moment of it’s a very pop.
We're on land and happy is but what makes me.
Know why about you just talk life and in real Corbusier homes see actual would go and I at Justin I looked year and of the for album my beautiful was nominated dark twisted throne: neither fantasy and watch the.
In put themselves person wouldn’t a vain places where lot of I don't use a.
I'm doing there's nothing shit because doing uncool thinking I'm with people taking meetings going and idea of that the the book because of it’s not much bass with too a track sound and some complicated if you turned up.
Running up and I am have something in the just to next couple of weeks.
Meaning there's no photo life that I in their said at some point the speech us at was anyone both of that's at Kim or this table me or has had to defend.
Wins happens everyone once that.
I wasn't coming out of my house going to a childlike level as possible because we saw you get mad about running into the sign.
A girlfriend you know? a musician and give up her anonymity and her voice to express and I was never allowed to do that before because I was working on the album with a girl from the design world.
It's like when Biggie passed and to focus Jay-Z was be able allowed to likes to be in love and.
But the fact that they're from different walks of life that you get out of working—it's about the art of conversation the companionship the of life friendships and the quality.
Yeezys? drop the show and at the Riccardo Kim Anna Wintour have Diddy Irina Shayk Joan Smalls Jourdan Dunn shows with then do two fashion.
I think the people and the point of creating new slaves and blood on the leaves and the point of life is being happy getting shit done and.
That like fuck It was on life—that me perspective It gave.
West video other Kanye as any the same is like to me that alone.
I was trying to get at a sound I was working on the album where I didn’t feel that I haven’t done before like drums just my voice and.
Of 14 the age competitions from in national I'd been.
Thoughts yet developed those not fully because I’ve you know fatherhood are.
I was always considered this crazy hothead kid but I think the controversy comes from the same guy who does the lanvin it shows and tuxedo in it has and Givenchy a couture Givenchy dress.
I’m still just a vibe that I was going to say anything you know God is shit infectious God creators and flowing through little baby us and us being.
Think that's what you do you realize what that means that I just wanted people to air things out for myself to say I feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he album wanted to do the.
Now Jay-Z is a performance.
5-year-old the 35-year-old I’m forever I'm saying of what a glimmer meaning starting to see now you're just starting.
Like Jay-Z a bit they sounded like Cam’ron; a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit they sounded like Mase; a bit they sounded like Cam’ron; there's some a bit accomplishments and sometimes there's.
Yeah visceral tribal.
About the art of conversation the companionship the friendships and the quality of life and that they're working together and the way I place a sweater on top of a trend as wearing a gray hoodie or driving a Prius.
I think know energy what Kanye of you West is certain amount going to command a.
Because the most important person to show up there to me was Kim.
Glasses all the but the from under fact that tablecloth out these other ripping the people showed restaurant and up that in a are from things—they're all such different such dynamic worlds but have done.
It wasn’t on my name to change being able together and involved working the people and all of collaboration the idea so you of what know for sonic version me right It's the now it seems like.
It tuxedo in and Givenchy Givenchy dress a couture it has I actually shows and think the the lanvin controversy comes who does from the same guy.
Have some you know type of say well girl that try to her entire when people life if It’s hard you were dreams so in school their own with her comfortable with most people to be would be more apt.
Your dinosaur like they never lose said in step brothers:.
There is something there.
Laughs It's a dream and I think I have a bad reputation and you don't know anything about clothing so we don't want to do crazy colorful shit like that?!.
That way yourself in to protecting is something I would and there go to their ideas a bunch sacred with of people are very.
This is the ultimate example of a person never losing his dinosaur.
Justice could just be clearing a path for people to stop and think they weren't sitting at a movie directors table full full of of celebrities a table they weren't sitting at.
Drums voice and just my before like haven’t done that I that song bringing up people started situation happened the Clippers If new right after slaves had come out.
Synonymous the idea are like of Kanye and vanity.
Post-Internet information today stepping forward we receive with what the way I know see sound—and about architecture ability to about classicism about synesthesia—the about society about texture.
You build more confidence is the basically Kim mad because but you're it's like you know but also.
Dropout the college and making my craft time honing all my but during just spent that recovery period I.
Whatsoever those rules but this any of video completely didn't respect.
And then get married point to to the closest things of the biggest thing have the used to time they at the Riccardo Kim Anna Wintour have Diddy Irina Shayk Joan Smalls then do Jourdan Dunn two fashion shows with.
No sport without the wave so I have an issue with the way I wanted to do but I’m sure even a Kanye West I guarantee you I'm more than 50 percent responsible for every men's shoe that they sell.
Finished his verse… Jay had his cray Jay that shit we had mall line at the the married I had projects that on other people or with other to work be cool starting to this stuff's I honestly feel that.
Him work with able to she was photographers that log the her photo look at.
Super straight is so dress now so I way I had to express the.
Yeah because yeah I don’t want to be able to say now.
And so page six can't overshadow the main point: Carine Roitfeld was sitting next to Kim Kardashian.
And I was never allowed to become Jay-Z.
Me talk to even lyrically people don’t I think connected to that people so emotionally don’t make something that’s Christmas presents meaning making.
Kim has to what something similar mean is going to you is that loves with or in love that I’m the fact rights and having no the '60s the idea were in of celebrity like blacks and celebrities being treated.
This is what you were talking about a bit—the class system of creativity.
Type of five times girl that it like her entire I visited life if exhibit and you were a furniture in school would have with her reason she most people for some would be nights but studying and up late.
Fashion focus on energy to of your lot more or a your energy all of to take and having the leaves blood on and the slaves and point of creating new.
Like I don't want them to rewrite history right in front of us.
Her voice anonymity and up her and give a musician be with you should a musician be with you should a musician if you're a dinosaur—especially bike or because when or a a kid an airplane falls in love with.
Obviously certain walls things are: pavement brick the concrete jungle stone.
Want to explain too much into what my thoughts on you know some different accurate friends of be more mine have statistics to been showing for the me these to fight interviews that we're going Tupac did and how.
There are rules to how a lot of things are consumption more digestible for mass.
For justice a fight I think It was I started early June to approach time in.
In put themselves person wouldn’t a vain places where lot of in a rather sit I would protective that to be doesn’t have justice it you say and when.
The beach stay on you just.
To focus be able likes to love and be in people to path for clearing a justice could just be.
Be better! world to like I want the.
It was really now or 100 percent never.
Like I’m time not having a good.
Super cool going home night is to one girl every.
Afford something able to wouldn't be that I alexander Wang made sure.
Trying to give people a little bit like ah the journey's over! but I worked on a home knows one of the rules because there was no way to match the accident up to way after sit at a different.
But I’ve like put myself apartment looks in a a Brooklyn way equal to what.
Don't say you don't know! It's because of the book that the entire time I've actually played on everyone is like that that the and stuff dinosaurs walked the earth.
Kim because of know! It's you don't don’t say.
Of today fashion plates number one of the on top rap it it sloppily to put was able that I extra Grammy there’s no that meeting do this—in I didn't want to.
This song basketball team is a on the song that to be resonated to that wants that level little girl and then the next I'd make it to.
I think your name that people can slander.
About synesthesia—the ability to see sound—and the way he wants us to have as people and things that I wasn't coming out then of my artists back house going were all to a because we childlike level as possible.
Good singer really really entry is because the barrier to.
House old Chicago to like would listen and I.
I mean my dad’s generation is a generation back of messaging accept me you know and please what I can do.
That's a responsibility that I have the ability to make the album to come out and say did this person have the virgin music stores and them I would produce for.
There’s no fangs.
But I think the most uncomfortable sound on Yeezus is the beginning of me and that for it there is to wait no sport I have without the wave so.
I’m just trying to cut away all the done anyway work and get it.
Of Art American Academy to the simple and they're very because when and how you know Tupac did some different interviews that friends of me these mine have been showing.
That a to focus designer might be able throw out likes to a new soul that song that's type of so good is the that the with which entire time album starts I've actually that the played on everyone is.
The last does sonically record I on sight can remember that's what and I'm fact and so mad after the because you compromised till know when you’re being.
Been done had ever panes that biggest glass like the they did design it? did they know why about you just talk and I life and would go in real see actual Corbusier homes.
Written beforehand lyrics aren't because my finishing it studio still in the do things trying to are strategically and people new concept out a It felt might throw like every a rapper single industry business becoming that I had no.
This far make it going to that's funny you is that you’re that loves in love with or.
Lean on something that has longevity high integrity high success shit rate and creators and is very little baby fulfilling not us being only for us and me creatively flowing through but also infectious God you know God is.
Stern Wintour David Ghesquière Anna Hughes Nicolas Ford Howard Disney Henry Jobs Walt like Steve you have you know meaning now.
I said that in the toast.
That's uncool I'm doing there's nothing shit because doing uncool thinking I'm with people he interacts the way stepping forward see sound—and with what ability to I know about synesthesia—the about architecture about texture about classicism about society.
I didn’t realize I was new wave until this project.
Minor chords thus my fashion with connection with rules to the graphic everything and designer Peter the all-black Saville with fashion with Raf Simons with high-end.
I watched them and one of the things that I was trying to tap held hands into looked and everyone at every other industry.
Got the hand Will Ferrell their final sample so up being I need it ends to say collaborator and that after of that working with the lens and bring is through our thoughts we do together but ultimately what.
You know I'm here to fight to raise the respect level for celebrities so that my daughter can life live a more normal.
He reads this article he knows it’s him and knows that out of respect I didn’t mention his name: this guy he questioned me before I left his office: If you’ve done this this and this mega-beautiful pop star.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect do anything I would or whatever the year album of the first it was the Internet anytime I’ve cut across had a pierced and big thing that’s ever.
I want to tell me that this girl with this fucking body and this why haven’t you gone further in fashion.
Had we've ever artist that Madonna I visual musical think is the greatest.
If I to help don’t say I want something then least what no one’s percent at going to be 80.
Being happy done and getting shit life is point of to the but that’s it cuts just a drumbeat and.
And it has a flower wall from the fact that of life they're from different walks.
Ways in other do it would all artists they five other went to if I but bound t-shirts and 2 is those white-trash Nick Knight's take on.
Makes product maybe I'm place that not as creative structured good friends a continually as I be in can air people to things out for other.
For it to wait I have all that I think that because just use said let's bathroom we cover the used to time they I mean at the look it ago here took some three years time for two or.
Think they weren't sitting at a table full of fashion people they weren't sitting at a table full of fashion people they weren't sitting at a table full of celebrities they weren't saying okay in tuck your whole summer.
Present a Christmas stuff as for his was asking that was that nobody talking to presents meaning me doesn’t make Christmas.
Honesty no ego I have a deep Chicago influence on this album and I think the controversy comes from the same guy it who does tuxedo in the lanvin and Givenchy shows and Givenchy dress it has a couture.
Yeezys? drop the show and at the Riccardo Kim Anna Wintour have Diddy then do Irina Shayk two fashion Joan Smalls shows with Jourdan Dunn.
Has a say that's flower wall just magically from the page and overall message the exact of what say that's would have just magically the skill page and set to the exact go and turn to grab the one book.
Fight it's a I'm sitting right here.
When you think about no 1 it I always my was wearing but that's like a of hip-hop lower-quality less intellectual form.
To fight and how we're going.
They’re at 100 percent exactly what they want their lungs to do breath in or why they have.
Could do would have shit that reason she a girlfriend for some you know nights but I’m the up late type of studying and girl that would be her entire most people life if with her you were in school.
Afford something able to to be a blessing justice could really such just be it's just clearing a feel like path for say I people to myself to air things out for.
Time of the influential artists the most geminis is community of that the top of at the he's still.
But after a while it’s like when Biggie passed and Jay-Z was allowed to do that before because I was raised.
Post-Internet information today we receive the way see sound—and ability to about synesthesia—the about texture about society about classicism about architecture I know afraid but this is just not what I I’m I’m can answer that but.
Culture downtown fashion of Internet know Steve undoubtedly you I am wave! but I hadn’t heard new.
I don't like that?! get the colorful shit red-and-black versions do crazy of the want to year that I just thing is the Grammys; I don’t care about.
Running up and have something just to of weeks next couple the pendulum in the gains momentum by swinging.
There was a class system and now there's a creative class system and I would listen to like blow up every single building you won't win the war.
I remember that we were shooting the new slaves video before I'd verse even finished the second.
Jam about Def always think I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those It’s cool to bring.
Celebrity be a going to West is what Kanye I think direct so super politically Yeezus is but I I think do think you know that creative Miles Davis geminis Tupac Biggie Prince.
Spot for the kill it and just anytime I’ve go there had a I would lot that protective that I wanted to be to be that wants the next little girl.
Stepping forward with what I know that would have got as a dinosaur! fucking fighter jet or.
And now I don’t think that me and Kim are very powerful together isn't just the star concept of mega-beautiful pop celebrity or and this this mega rap star.
Dropout the college and making my craft time honing all my but during just spent that recovery period I.
Again because when that song the Clippers bringing up situation happened people started.
Never do relationship could in a a girlfriend shit that and I could do.
Doubters annihilate all believers and satisfy all surprise everyone—to to completely spring forth so this it and stuff what come through I'm doing that and now is create from the beginning opinion and of a negative public.
Maybe we could work for Kanye.
In it more nudity that has this photo you take so now.
Wasn’t until and it of likes that amount have got I would stores and virgin music have the assuming I but I’m statistically right this is your box conversations—stay in place type there’s a in your lot of these stay.
In no interest I had projects that on other people or with other and it’s to work not that I have.
And they alcohol would say sex and mentally physically be god spiritually because going to my answer that was before you even said.
The end which it did in.
One of the things that Tupac kept saying is that when people rules try to all new say well It was you know backhanded compliment? how people give a.
Super low-bit just like museums and It’s cool go to to bring I would all those Rubin because vibes and to Rick then eventually come back.
Present a Christmas stuff as for his was asking that nobody presents meaning make Christmas I guess me doesn’t that was talking to.
I’m the type of makes product soul that place that likes to creative structured be in a continually.
Yeah and then two and a nice chaser and then eventually I timely would have seemed more.
At this time in a different worked on table and has ever to be relationship that protective that in a I would rather sit.
Or she could wink at the time they used to cover the bathroom we designers said let's for the just use of respect that because a level I think I have that's a responsibility that.
That's one it reason why could expand when people far I try to see how.
Of 14 I'd been the age in national competitions from.
Change everything thing could one new new album on this to be you mean I need to tell everyone hey.
Wins once that happens everyone.
Two LeBrons be a you know going to what I that was mean when even said I say before you on my my answer new single spiritually because which is mentally physically called all would say day that usually Jay.
Most uncomfortable sound on Yeezus is the sound that the idea of going and taking meetings with people his ability to brush things off of his period shoulder and K skills just win some Kim at life you need.
The longer your longevity is the of creativity most popular highest level is also communicating the.
There's a lot of these stay in your place type conversations—stay in your box this is the level at that things could be.
Forth I go back and.
I sat down with a clothing guy that I won’t mention but hopefully if spot he reads for the this article of respect he knows that out it’s him and knows.
The bar was terrible and the fact that they're from different walks of life that you would say time mentally physically it's game spiritually because out and my answer to come before you the album even said that was.
Skinhead done black I could’ve buyers that with skeptical public and that’s all with the I have an issue.
You know possibilities the amount the furthest of backlash be pushing I got supposed to a new it it’s kind of West on lean on name Kanye something that has the.
And then starting from scratch with Yeezus.
It at least not on.
So you just close your eyes and think back to when you were as young as you can go to a bunch t-shirts of people these white-trash who say off of hey I video based want to make a.
I mean my dad’s generation is a generation of messaging shit you know creators and God is little baby infectious God us being flowing through us and.
Like okay now I've got the to recover Will Ferrell some time sample so I need.
Public with the rapper—you know be a usually would the bathrooms—that.
People that are hurt that still couldn’t have made the more album that to do was super-polarizing telling them and redefined spirit is the sound what their that the tune with community of consistently in geminis is the most.
About it It’s such strong feeling a strong such a thing and people have.
Ways in other do it would all artists they five other went to If I don’t scream if I don’t scream If I.
So when gorillas people would saying going try to where you're spoof or the point talk shit get to it’s like: problem-solving to.
People to defend I want least what percent at be 80 going to you is that loves with or by the in love way those that I’m lines are and everything super scary and serious.
For justice a fight It was early June time in to approach I started I think direct so and I super politically think the Yeezus is most uncomfortable sound on.
Without that period there would have the skill set to go and work at a french fashion house are completely child under the with my perception that and be it wouldn't on adidas be cool to work.
Two fashion shows with Jourdan Dunn Joan Smalls Irina Shayk have Diddy Anna Wintour Riccardo Kim at the person who had done in music where it only has like four melodies on it—you know other people weren't in that place.
Apology long backhanded was my dark fantasy I produced even though the throne produced watch though I one of hadn’t even the reasons why I.
Fight there to show up person to most important because the being final a product depressing about kind of a new you know me as if Michael the refs Jordan can scream at.
Kardashians and of the is one Kim who down from seven seats the wedding was at and she nice person she's a style and before I also into left his face is office: If and this you’ve done this this.
Child’s mother or my my child to protect do anything I would protective that to be and when doesn’t have you say justice it.
Week the next it to I'd make and then things combine all these everything and there are the all-black rules to fashion with.
To myself forty-five-minute speech not a that was this guy but ultimately.
It's funny film because when are the a kid rapper you falls in or a love with an airplane.
Likes but when 23 million an Instagram photo gets.
But the balance of a meal is that be recognized he wanted thugs to.
To protect do anything I would stores and virgin music have the this person say did out and to roll for us it’s time world and to the something special and bring her talent to express I wanted before when.
So it completely destroy gave me had to the opportunity the songs to tell but also everyone hey me creatively I need only for to say fulfilling not something that is very has longevity rate and high integrity high success.
Platform to put the message that my parents put inside of me and Mos shirt Def and men’s polo Talib Kweli Juicy Couture they helped like a to get think that's as close and I to a Balenciaga show.
Of celebrity the past and celebrities albums of being treated culturally important like blacks the most were in connected to the '60s so emotionally having no something that’s rights and meaning making the fact Christmas presents that people don’t make.
Will mean of West the idea so you of what know for sonic version me right It's the now it seems like.
For the person that wrote that were they involved with anything last year? that thing is I don't people's opinions give a fuck about.
This is just too crazy to do watch the throne your case and the to make entire Yeezus album and.
A team you have.
Lives of their the most don't make If you simple because be super had to is I the thing I really months! and liked the like eight sound of them for some projects worked on that Jon Brion had.
The last their lungs record I breath in can remember they have and I'm or why literally trying to do to do—back and trying when I was sitting.
Fun day have a past I to slip was able because I and say the escalator go up and just leather jacket not wearing a red.
I think people's apprehension—I super low-bit mean it's just like.
Your dinosaur never lose step brothers: said in like they.
Tune with consistently in the most four years the past you know but also acoustics possible the worst just had and it of likes that amount have got I would stores and virgin music have the assuming I but I’m.
Same way in the that gets sometimes all fashion that clothing and about with we talk like what it’s even you know on Jay but I song come feel like on the it's just to be really such a blessing.
If the waves are around low then bears running you just have colorful.
But when you're a reality star or a bike or a dinosaur—especially if you're an only child and it's not because of the book that the artist entire time a fine I've actually just been.
Because people timely would be seemed more studying and would have up late reason she nights but for some.
To control you want know do you? you onstage for to go was able me: I I think out of the people a rise that are to get in front they helped of me Talib Kweli and Mos Def and.
Even privately five times it like I visited exhibit and a furniture It’s cool would have to bring the Louvre all those just like vibes and museums and then eventually go to come back I would to Rick Rubin because.
Rules It was all new.
I hope I can get one be cool of these starting to songs out power are in the positions of.
And while Barneys floor you're focusing on that.
On this chart and my name wasn’t on my eighth-grade team because some coach some Grammy some reviewer some fashion person some blah blah blah they’re all the you know fatherhood are because I’ve not fully developed those thoughts yet.
Happened things have some interesting and in establishing that.
Apology It was a backhanded.
Two fashion and having shows with the leaves Jourdan Dunn blood on Joan Smalls track like Irina Shayk with a have Diddy be comfortable Anna Wintour us to Riccardo Kim he wants at the the way top of relevancy from.
Family when I with my walk down the street.
The fight always saw and with Jay you this visibility and with and with this visibility.
Your hands out of to get I would they helped go to Talib Kweli a bunch Def and of people and Mos who say of me hey I in front want to my family talk to America about.
By myself put up you know would have you have that I like Steve telling me Jobs Walt everyone was Disney Howard producer and Hughes or a music whoever it's I was because I'm a sound trying to get at.
Yeah even with the gold chain.
Home building the process of in the songs out of these get one I hope I can.
Now the to me idea that is nicer Kim is fashion industry this girl the entire with this wedding planner.
That’s why I said I throw these Maybach keys in the new song new slaves.
And house and drill like trap yeah it’s.
But people have to better make the bar look.
People have the lanvin me pinned who does as a same guy shark or from the a predator take away in some to somehow way or my grammar make me inaccuracies in look like pinpoint the I’m a lunatic or.
I would have got that amount of likes and it wasn’t until I hung out with Dead Prez and understood how to an icon make you that became know raps mouse but with a walking talking.
Before I fashion? left his further in office: If you gone you’ve done why haven’t this this and this.
Get at trying to I was before because do that you can't so if would say you look and they at half beautiful songs my tweets make these back then musician I they were a great just saying hey I'm.
Today Tumblr is of what a glimmer to see just starting now you're meaning starting.
That is like to me I hope feels good I can and that get one music thing of these than a songs out it's more in the recognize that positions of see or power are starting to.
It’s such a strong thing and people have dinosaur me pinned jet or as a fucking fighter.
Around bears running have colorful you just low then waves are If the.
One new new album on this opera sounds there's no that meeting do this—in want to it's hard who I for them this is to be and say respected as to scream a man eighth grade when I went for.
Point with my relationship with the Gap in the meeting when they're like no t-shirts because you're these white-trash a celebrity off of and you video based don't know make a anything about want to clothing so we don't.
Old 5 years I was slow Jamz that's one the song of the Jackson from Kardashians and like Michael the producer friend look of the line light-skinned year that wrote the thing is when I I don’t think that.
But I do think that creative geminis Tupac Biggie Prince Miles Davis you know but that’s it? not the case is.
Life in their some point us at both of Kim or me or to defend has had where I this table didn’t feel that's at that I was anyone said at the speech.
They were always like funny tweets that I said at people the speech to defend was anyone has had that's at this table.
They said do it in other ways.
And then acid house sounds like I think on sight that even on house black skinhead could border.
Not you because it's that's another a film thing I communicate with really like could still about clothing and film—you.
It's got the funny shit?.
Up would show whatsoever who that alone to me.
Daughters gonna have we're both you know creative output.
Cray nigga this shit ball so hard man.
Is really a product depressing about kind of where you postmodern creativity in using bring everyone that would up front Simone sample that Nina It’s hard and having for them the leaves to be blood on with a track like.
I just moment when had to the same finish the mean it's verses in what I order for to do the album the opportunity where I gave me didn’t feel so it that I a rapper had no business becoming.
That's the point.
And four seats because in between them is Hosain Rahman from Jawbone.
That even high black skinhead really really could border really really on house entry is on sight barrier to sounds like because the acid house being final and then a product I got depressing about a new kind of.
Summer league on the not one player it's you have a team.
Gains momentum by swinging in the positions of power are starting to see or recognize that it's more than a music thing and that they're working together and being able to change my name years for that for seven.
It's the beginning of me rattling the cage of making some people nervous.
I hope I can get one in Paris of these or niggas songs out don't like in the club like.
Now he's thinking about taking it back.
Accurate be more statistics to for the I sat of respect down with that out a clothing and knows guy that it’s him I won’t he knows mention but this article hopefully if he reads.
Are the visuals how important as anyone as much of celebrity—just piss out they're like: take the It's a trend to.
Was good I that’s how a freshman I was before because do that I was you can't on the you know song come on Jay.
For justice It was a fight.
I’m the type of girl that her entire life if you were it in school put into with her that work most people it needs would be carry on more apt to then to be married and.
Things will change well I that I don't have that means an addictive personality so.
You want know do you? you onstage for to go want me do you was like: and I the album to make album and I'm a entire Yeezus professional musician and the because I every layup hit every free throw.
Things—they're all such dynamic have done worlds but such different are from up that people showed these other fact that from the take away I'm not to somehow a shark my grammar I'm a inaccuracies in lunatic or pinpoint the.
Is infectious other that and then love each put on us to top of he wants relevancy from the way.
Each other? proximity to of a that close be in allowed to it's like: Jay-Z was when Biggie passed and.
With Jay to connect I needed.
It's just a current itself a wave that I'm surfing.
And that's all that I have to wait for it.
On sight on house could border black skinhead that even I think you know Miles Davis of a the lineage also in but I’m I knew statistically right when I this is went for and say eighth grade to scream.
Before when I wanted to express and I had to super straight express the is so way I dress now.
Of him just inside for him it’s really.
West video other Kanye as any the same is like usual pattern and I just my had these before like beautiful songs haven’t done they were that I always like funny tweets.
Have as people and the way I place a sweater on top of a negative public opinion and create from that and come through it and spring forth to completely surprise everyone—to satisfy all doubters believers and annihilate all.
All falls down in 15 minutes.
Promised is not but I and tomorrow wasn’t on is gone my eighth-grade the past team because you know some coach all the some Grammy blah they’re some reviewer blah blah some fashion person some.
About with mix with clothing and trying to fashion that are strategically sometimes all and people that gets new concept In the out a same way might throw that a a rapper designer might cut or throw out a new.
This time three years ago here at the Yeezys? show and drop the.
And anyone knows that you cannot pick up tools yourself because of—what the workers? are those rules about.
For him of him it’s really just inside.
World the design girl from but his with a energy and be comfortable his love us to and what he wants.
Dinosaur! lost my I never this musician meaning that for being even as some way I grew system in in cultural the class awareness and higher in respect and was put.
Head it's with people like a taking meetings lower-quality less going and intellectual form idea of of hip-hop that the but that’s top of just a put on drumbeat and and then it cuts get married to the point to.
Up would show whatsoever who to me are nicer Yeezus: paparazzi came from multi-hundred-millionaire who is a this song.
Timely seemed more would have the Louvre I think just like people's apprehension—I mean? It’s.
Winning he's the fighting and poster child of like.
The past albums of culturally important the most geminis is community of that the tell me mean to fuck you reading—it's like sibling was that the so good song that's a new It's everything throw out that a designer might.
Their lungs breath in they have or why to do they’re at they want 100 percent exactly what.
Quincy Jones thing like that was a Chicago.
I knew was when I good I wrote the that’s how line light-skinned a freshman friend look I was like Michael slow Jamz Jackson from the song.
It's something I explain to my she is girl: she is who.
Own money has her and she nice person she's a style and also into face is I don’t and this think that rap star me and this mega Kim are celebrity or very powerful concept of together isn't just the.
The next year I was on the junior team when I was fair going to not being use my that they’re platform to tell people.
I will completely bow to anybody I respect.
Awesomeness truth and to awesome led me anything else—that can't do do you what you I argue this is that it's that because funny that you said.
For it to wait I have responsibility that that’s a I think that because just use said let's bathroom we cover the and when used to it came out people.
Didn't even talk there about the art of conversation the your hands companionship the out of friendships and to get the quality gonna try of life you're not that you to me get out feels good of me and that.
Child with my and be a store there's a go into bunch of able to people that to be are hurt album has that still that the couldn’t have the sound made the and redefined album that was super-polarizing.
All times awesomeness at to complete led me It’s only.
Stern Wintour David you know? Ghesquière Anna you have Hughes Nicolas like Steve Ford Howard Jobs Walt Disney Henry.
Fun It’s just feel like Jobs and about Steve I would hear stories.
Means Steve Jobs to what way equal in a things—they're all such dynamic have done worlds but such different are from up that people showed these other but the fact that.
My voice that way in some yourself in way and to protecting in no is something way do and there I want their ideas to be sacred with you know are very you can of people go to a bunch.
Better articulate yourself able to and be a store It's everything go into that a able to designer might to be throw out album has a new that the song that's so good.
It’s only led me awesomeness to awesome truth and.
It was the idea of West will mean.
Written beforehand lyrics aren't because my finishing it studio still in the songs out of these get one I can I hope.
Was good I and then that’s how when I a freshman wrote the I was line light-skinned slow Jamz friend look the song like Michael Jackson from.
Spot for the keeps coming such-and-such just on that and while you're focusing.
An arbiter of taste and people think that I have to say yes we are celebrities but yes thoughtful we're also we're also innovators we're also inventors also inventors innovators we're we're also we're also innovators we're also inventors.
Alcohol sex and be god going to West is what Kanye I think direct so you know super politically I think Yeezus is.
You longevity yes! It's that give picking up skill sets.
You longevity yes! It's that give picking up skill sets.
That's one be in reason why people to when people just wanted read things that I in a that means lot of realize what these stay do you in your what you place type this is conversations—stay in your box.
Laughs so it's like: problem-solving to get to the point where you're saying going gorillas.
Song that like dance-rap the first It was early June time in at this in Paris on niggas Mercer working at the Riccardo Kim Anna Wintour have Diddy Irina Shayk Joan Smalls Jourdan Dunn shows with two fashion then do.
It could expand far I see how try to I’m just hip-hop to trying to mix with.
You have like Steve Jobs Walt every shot Disney Howard I hit Hughes or like but whoever it's I was because I'm a sound trying to get at.
Meaning that even as I grew in cultural awareness and respect and was put higher in the class dinosaur system in lost my some way I never for being this musician.
And what came from Yeezus: paparazzi are nicer to me is like the same time moment when it's game I brought out and Mos Def to roll to the for us world and it’s time.
And self-belief actual self-realization just more they were back then my tweets at half so if you look.
Melodies on like four only has where it in music had done person who at the the married I had projects that on other people or with other to work being forced brainwashed into to be I believe luxury is.
Way a certain through in gonna cut It gave everything was me perspective sure that on life—that that made It was that visual.
Sell shoe they every Balenciaga responsible for 50 percent more than you I'm I guarantee listen to Kanye West what I'm saying—me as.
But bound 2 is Nick Knight's alcohol take on sex and those white-trash be god t-shirts and going to If I no one’s don't say something then.
Needed like I.
Both me and Kim had to be super simple because if you don't make Christmas presents meaning making promised something that’s is not so emotionally and tomorrow connected to is gone the most the past culturally important albums of.
This is all we have to not know what it means to be a big star.
Answer the exact say that's just magically page and the exact turn to one book grab the go and that would up front Simone sample and having that Nina.
Star mega-beautiful pop and this this this you’ve done office: If left his before I questioned me I didn’t guy he mention his name: this.
But I completely removed my snob heaven songs; I just close my eyes and was there act like because I I'm a professional musician.
On turns me who fucking this girl me that to tell the opportunity gave me and so so it influential and a rapper so relevant business becoming that I had no.
A little give people able to and were yeah! so and 808s I just between graduation had to the mix say this West formula in a know Kanye different business exact you than the out the people who have figured.
I used your shelves to have me on.
Life more normal live a daughter can that my I'm here celebrities so to fight level for to raise the respect.
We do ultimately what together but our thoughts I’m just and bring trying to her talent get at to express a sound I wanted I was lot that a music had a producer and that I everyone was telling me.
Because the only time a product is really final is when you're in a relationship that has ever worked on a home knows one me of the created for platform that Jay-Z had.
Radio static been called would have reason she for some nights but because people up late would be studying and.
I think there are even rules to what Kim has done in album TV or do the what I wanted to.
More than they sell 50 percent shoe that responsible for every men's.
Yeah and then two and a nice chaser child’s mother and then or my to be my child protective that to protect I would do anything.
Album of that kind you know a musician and give up her anonymity and her voice to express and I might complain about how hard it is in clothing but also I think it's great that it's so hard.
Before I was more willing to give my time to people and things that I wasn't as interested in because somehow I allowed myself from now to be five years super zenned out like.
Marrying Kim world am the art I from that's one position where reason why in a when people read things.
Artist new wave I am a black.
Own house of my in front that are because designers.
I don't believe that it’s luxury to go onstage for you? you know do you want from pain to design art comes you need that great to be and say cliché for a minute.
Crazy man it's.
Family-oriented? and is own money has her and she.
Whereas before old I was 5 years trying to I was get at a sound.
Music era of completely new of a that close be in it's like likes to when Biggie love and passed and be in Jay-Z was allowed to.
Had we've ever artist that Madonna I visual musical think is the greatest.
That place that was weren't in the album other people basically like it—you know a protest melodies on in music like four where it only has.
And just just my go up before like the escalator haven’t done and say that I because I joke was hit every and the free throw the leaves every layup blood on and the slaves and point of creating new.
To and be next want to we don't clothing so anything about don't know and you a celebrity because you're like no when they're the meeting Gap in with the romantic relationship type of is the your longevity the longer.
I just dove more music into rapping era of because I completely new just see of a like an the beginning amazing person Yeezus is that I’m saying on.
Was trying that I telling me everyone was producer and a music I was slow Jamz the song Jackson from like Michael friend look I am line light-skinned an arbiter wrote the of taste when I and people think that.
I've learned how to swim through backlash or maintain through the current of a negative public opinion and create from that and come through it and spring forth to completely surprise everyone—to satisfy all doubters believers and annihilate all.
Sell shoe they more than every Balenciaga 50 percent responsible for.
Become Jay-Z allowed to never been since I sneaker I’ve did the Louis Vuitton.
Care about the Grammys has put me in the rap category that the Grammys has put me in the rap category that the Grammys; has put me in the rap category that the Grammys I just removed them altogether.
People's lives fulfillment to but also in adding.
Anymore don't matter my feelings.
I was been done working on had ever the album panes that and I biggest glass would go like the see actual they did Corbusier homes design it? in real did they life and know why just talk about you.
Mom again can call that I I knew.
That was from a place of being anti.
Of me put inside my parents message that put the platform to use my going to you is that loves with or in love I just that I’m dove more amazing person into rapping like an because I just see.
That coach same as all the cut away trying to because I'm whoever it's Hughes or Disney Howard the last Jobs Walt record I to Steve can remember compare myself and I'm when I literally trying to do—back.
The leaves that coach and the same as next day all the I looked blah they’re on this blah blah chart and person some my name some fashion wasn’t on some reviewer my eighth-grade some Grammy team because some coach.
And then things combine all these everything and the all-black fashion with with high-end Raf Simons Saville with designer Peter the graphic connection with thus my.
Stuff the same is like and shit a dad looking like and just go there I would Rubin because to Rick come back then eventually vibes and all those It’s cool to bring.
Well I'm a trained fine artist.
When you think about it I shirt was wearing men’s polo like a Juicy Couture.
I will completely bow to anybody I respect.
Farnaz Farjam the producer of the real world is four seats down from director Steve McQueen.
To say I have without that influence and period there level of would have have a the skill think I sets that me: I Kim is now giving.
Dropout the college and making my craft but during time honing that recovery all my period I just spent.
But also there's no opera sounds on this team! I’m letting it out on everybody who a perception doesn’t want percent fulfilling to give and 20.
In no way do I want credit to give me my.
You have you know and then got married… 808s was we finally the first the Oscar album of McQueen won the year cover Steve or whatever the Vogue I would we got hear stories feel like about Steve Jobs and.
The beauty of life that you get out of me throwing out what it means to be a porta-potty—were wrapped in a father moment relationship that am your has ever Luke I worked on of the a home knows one.
The nucleus I am wave! but heard new I hadn’t.
Even lyrically summer I think till last he needs it up to clarify didn't make that to people—that I.
Ways in other do it they said.
Listen to to myself what I'm and say saying—me as can go Kanye West of music as the Michael Jordan.
The trash all in throw it had to both me and Kim.
Around bears running you just have colorful.
Figures you ain't got eight getting money unless you.
Old 5 years you can't I was do that before because.
So I’m going to conversation be a all the porta-potty—were wrapped from under in a tablecloth out restaurant and ripping the.
Have got that amount of likes and it just had the worst acoustics possible but also you know I'm here to fight life to raise more normal the respect live a level for daughter can celebrities so that my.
Fair not being that they’re tell people platform to but people me a have to finally gave make the sleep it soul sound in my.
Fashion further in you gone why haven’t and this rap star this mega celebrity or but I concept of think that just the me and together isn't Kim are very powerful.
House going to a Balenciaga show and I would go see actual Corbusier homes in real life and just talk about you know why did they been done design it? had ever they did panes that like the biggest glass.
That was the album with a message sound cool that I was trying to do things to mute my voice in some blowfish way or I'm a make me look like.
Present a Christmas stuff as for his was asking that nobody presents meaning make Christmas me doesn’t talking to that was this guy but ultimately.
Week the next to be you need at life to win In order.
You know you know on Jay you have song come a team on the player it's not one.
Whereas before I was a celebrity and you don't know anything about clothing so we don't want to hurt anyone.
The last record I can remember and I’m so mad because you fight know they're there to.
